0|mavis beacon typing 17 deluxe by broderbund mavis beacon typing 17 deluxe by broderbund encore software 39.99|ghostsurf 2006 platinum ghostsurf 2006 platinum protects your privacy and prevents internet pests from spoiling your online experience. ghostsurf ensures your safety online by providing an anonymous encrypted internet connection. it even stops spyware eliminates ads and ...  14.95
0|lego star wars (dvd) (mac) lego star wars blends the unique world of lego with the adventure of star wars for unforgettable action and fun. live the most popular moments from the phantom menace attack of the clones and revenge of the sith. episodes i to iii come to life -- and you can become a part of the story! aspyr media 29.99|microsoft academic microsoft office project 2003 professional designed to improve your ability to organize work and communicate effectively.  176.99
0|instant immersion translator deluxe 2.0 instant immersion translator deluxe 2.0 makes sure that your messages never lose something in the translation. this user-friendly suite of sophisticated language conversion tools are customized to meet all your translation needs. whether you need to convert e-mails text files or entire web pages you have a detailed two-way translation between english and 16 other languages. topics entertainment 49.99|microsoft(r) windows(r) xp professional edition with sp2 microsoft windows xp professional with service pack 2 (sp2) is the next version of the windows operating system designed for businesses of all sizes and for individuals who demand the most from their computing experience. windows xp professional ...  199.99
0|cisco security server agent for windows and solaris - license - 100 agents - win solaris ( csa-b100-srvr-k9 ) the next-generation cisco security agent network security software provides threat protection for server and desktop computing systems also known as endpoints. the cisco security agent goes beyond conventional endpoint security solutions by identifying and preventing malicious behavior before it can occur thereby removing potential known and unknown security risks that threaten enterprise networks and applications. because the cisco security agent analyzes behavior rather than relying on signature matching its solution provides robust protection with reduced operational costs. as recent high-visibility attacks like code red and the sql slammer worm have shown traditional technologies are limited in their abilities to combat the effects of new and evolving attacks. customers require host security that protects throughout all stages of an attack and provides important protection against new and unknown threats. assaults on network systems typically go through stages. cisco recognizes that only a layered approach is effective against security breaches that can occur at any stage from beyond the perimeter to the server or at the file level. the cisco security agent proactively defends against damage to a host throughout all stages of the attack whereas other technologies provide early-stage protection and only then when a signature is known. the cisco security agent is specifically designed to protect against new attacks where there is no known signature. the cisco security agent consists of a management console resident on a server and host-based agents that are deployed on mission-critical desktops and servers. the agents use the http and secure sockets layer (ssl) protocols (128-bit ssl) for the management interface and for the communications between agents and the management console. cisco systems - enterprise 0|emc auth mgr mnt entupg/ext 15m per/u 505-750u - aut0000750ue15   16
0|crystal reports xi developer crystal reports xi allows you to access format and deliver information to drive better decisionmaking with the flexibility and power necessary to provide your internal and external users with the information they need when they need it while minimizing it overhead. business objects 595|isi researchsoft 6201 reference manager 11 single user edition 0787731062117 isi researchsoft 6201 reference manager 11 single user edition 0787731062117  164.58
0|hallmark card studio 2006 hallmark card studio 2006 helps you design greeting cards for life's special moments. with this software it's easier than ever to create one-of-a-kind hallmark cards as unique as the people you care for. the artistic possibilities are almost infinite! sierra home 29.99|4817l05 vmware drs - ( v. 2 ) - limited subscription ( 1 year ) - 2 sockets - win ibm 4817l05 : usually ships in 24 hours : : vmware drs works with vmware infrastructure with vmware virtualcenter management server to automate the balancing of virtual machine workloads across the virtual infrastructure.  193.15
0|family tree maker version 16 collectors edition sb cs with family tree maker version 16 collector's edition you'll have the world's most popular resource for creating your family tree. in just a few steps you'll get the information you need to organize and design your family tree. import photos and documents to professionally designed templates to create a unique keepsake -- then share your findings with family and friends. encore software 99.99|adobe creative suite (v3.0) design premium mac - adobe - 19500009 adobe creative suite 3 design premium software is the designer'sdream toolkit for print web and mobile publishing. it combinesall-new versions of essential tools for producing everything fromprofessional page layouts to rich interactive ...  1482.0 gbp
0|h&r block taxcut 2006 premium federal h&r block taxcut premium federal has everything you need in one comprehensive program for any tax situation from 1040ez to schedule c. step-by-step interviews provide guidance customized to your unique needs. h&r block taxcut: the ease you want. the accuracy you expect. guaranteed. seamless integration find every feature and form from last year's deluxe and premium in just one program and let taxcut seamlessly import your data from last year's taxcut or turbotax as well as quicken and microsoft money. customized to your needs make the most of money-saving deductions. receive guidance on claiming dependents taking a home office deduction and much more. save money with useful tips covering charitable donations rentals dividends interest capital gains and more. backed by professionals taxcut is the only do-it-yourself tax program backed by the experienced tax professionals at h&r block america's largest tax services company. estate planning empowerment includes complimentary copy of willpower software with valuable estate planning guidance and legal documents. interactive video library make sense of changing tax laws and achieve maximum deductions. extension interview included with any federal taxcut software purchase. kiplinger's tax and financial planning library make the most of your money with tax and financial information. irs publications view the most up-to-date irs publications. schedule c features extra help with depreciation business expenses and home deductions. investor assistance quickly determine the true cost basis for stocks bonds or mutual funds and tax consequences associated with company incentives and employee stock. additional tools for home owners assistance with mortgage deductions and capital gains tax liability when selling a home. worry-free audit support features irs correspondence management h&r block will assist with all communication that is initiated by the irs/state department of revenue(s) audit preparation h&r block will provide detailed information regarding how to prepare for an audit and extend an offer for an h&r block enrolled agent to represent you in the event an audit.* audit representation an h&r block enrolled agent guides you through what to expect during the audit attends the audit with you and helps you manage the entire audit experience. worry-free audit support rest easy knowing h&r block is there to help in the event of an audit. from outlining what to expect and providing guidance on how to prepare for an audit to having an h&r block enrolled agent represent you before the irs upon your request h&r block can help you manage the process. how it works: 1. successfully e-file* your individual resident income tax return (federal or state) using taxcut or taxcut online (with paid federal return) and you are eligible to receive audit support at no additional charge for your 2005 return. 2. retain your e-file confirmation email for worry-free audit support confirmation. 3. if you receive a notice from the irs or state department of revenue or are audited h&r block will provide you with assistance with the notice and/or offer to provide you with an h&r block enrolled agent to represent you if you are audited.* 4. call 1-800-hrblock to initiate audit services that you may need. conditions apply. view the complete terms and conditions for details. questions & answers: q. can i do my taxes by hand and then sign up for worry-free audit support? a. no. h&r block worry-free audit support is only offered for returns e-filed with an h&r block digital tax product. q. who will benefit using worry-free audit support? a. those clients who want no surprises after filing their taxes. it's a smart way to make sure you're covered no matter how complex your tax situation. the benefits of worry-free audit support will be invaluable in the event that you need representation because the irs questions your tax return. q. what is an enrolled agent? a. enrolled agents are tax professionals who have demonstrated special competence in tax matters and can represent taxpayers before the irs. enrolled agents do not provide legal representation signed power of attorney required. void where prohibited. q. what are the services offered with worry-free audit support? * enrolled agents do not provide legal representation signed power of attorney required. void where prohibited. h&r block 19.99|ik multimedia groovemaker 2.5 live-remixing liveremixing software music production software groovemaker 2.5 - loop based live-remixing software with full midi control and 2 loop-cds - mac and windows groovemaker 2.5 from ik multimedia is software that allows the user to create hypnotic non-stop electronic dance tracks in real-time with ...  59.95
0|reference success deluxe 2006 reference success deluxe is a leading-edge suite of software tools for the personal computer. ideal for individual students or entire families it provides award-winning educator-endorsed content unrivaled breadth and scope of data and absorbing activities and presentation to captivate users. includes: in-depth national portraits featuring flags & histories almanac with vital facts and figures - nobel prize oscar and pulitzer prize winners; world leaders; inventions; athletes; writers; scientists and more topics entertainment 49.95|autodesk 34006-010008-160 raster design 2006 essentials raster design 2006 essentials autodesk 52.99
0|land before time: kindergarten  brighter minds media inc. 9.99|iris card pro with the iriscard pro you can easily scan your business cards into ms outlook ms outlook express address book and palm desktop in 600 dpi color or grayscale. release date: 04/01/2006 navarre distribution services 198.87
0|printmaster gold v 17.0 printmaster gold 17 gives creative home users a chance to get creative & use their imaginations. everything from a bridal shower invitation to youth soccer league rosters can be made quickly and easily. encore software 19.99|chatchecker family edition chatchecker family edition is a powerful and easy-to-use parental control system for instant-messaging and chat-room conversations. the chatchecker service lets you capture and record both sides of instant-message and chat-room conversations on up ...  29.99
0|cakewalk sonar home studio 6 xl sonar home studio 6 xl makes it easy to produce professional music without being in a studio. the 64-bit double precision engine gives you pristine sound quality for unmatched music creation. active controller technology (act) dynamically re-maps effect mix and instruments to hardware controllers for easier music creation. the audiosnap suite lets you take complete control of your track while the synth rack makes automating instruments a snap. at every step of your production -- from composing with virtual instruments to recording mixing and beyond -- you'll fast forward your music production. sonar home studio xl adds value and more power with a selection of over one gigabyte of instrument sounds boost 11 peak limiter session drummer 2 drum instrument and more. 10 new professional audio effects. active controller technology (act) lets users easily control and automate effects instruments and their mix from midi controllers by automatically remapping controls to whatever has the focus rip from and burn to cd directly from sonar home studio automate tracks effects and instruments easily with enhanced automation tools. midi input quantize corrects the timing of midi performances in real-time. freeze tracks effects and virtual instruments to conserve cpu power. native and fully integrated support for vst plug-ins no wrapper required. dropzone sampler with extended library of instrument sounds including a drum pack and bass pack. cakewalk publisher lets users present and stream their music on the internet sonar home studio xl exclusives - boost 11 peak limiter - get more volume and punch from your final mix with this easy to use peak limiter/maximizer. boost 11 gives you professional results with a simple to use interface / dimension le - a special version of the synth from cakewalk. features over 400 sound programs ranging from real bass organ and electric piano samples t cakewalk 209|3d home architect landscape v.8by encore software 3d home architect landscape v.8by encore software  26.36
0|refviz v2 mac single user refviz v2 mac single user isi researchsoft 299.95|lfl-n2-12 computrace lojack for laptops - subscription package ( 1 year ) - 1 notebook ( m absolute software lfl-n2-12 : usually ships in 24 hours : in stock : a laptop is stolen every 53 seconds and according to the fbi 97% are never recovered.  39.95
0|snap! 10 000 drink recipies (jewel case) trying to find the perfect after dinner drink? not sure what you can mix with the liquor you already have? snap!  10 000 drink recipes is the solution to all your beverage needs. from cocktails to bar drinks you can find practically any recipe with the extensive search option. providing an array of choices this cd-rom is a fantastic resource for any occasion. system requirements:windows 95/98/me or better 8mb ram 6mb hd 2x cd-rom drive vga monitor sound card topics entertainment 4.99|individual software prm-r12 resumemaker professional 12.0 resumemaker is packed with powerful features to help you write a better resume land a better job and earn a higher salary. is your resume helping you move forward or holding you back? advance your career and never miss another career opportunity! ... individual software 29.99
0|power on now up to date & contact windows - marketing information: productivity is a lot like the weather. everyone talks about it but nobody does anything about it. staying organized is a continual struggle for most people. wrestling with paper planners trying all the latest handheld computers but still getting out of sync missing appointments losing contacts information notes. and itandquot;s not like modern life is getting any slower and easier to manage. now up-to-date and contact is the only solution that addresses all of the problems that businesses and power users face. product information - software sub type: content management - software name: now up-to-date and contact - complete product - features and benefits: - features - now up-to-date and contact is a mature product. - flexible - start using now up-to-date and contact immediately without reading the manual then grow customize use it the way you want. - shared calendars and contacts - true sharing and network calendars and address books. schedule meetings reserve rooms and resources share client information. - low overhead - now up-to-date and contact installs and configures in minutes. - internet integration - update your calendar and contacts from anywhere with internet access. publish calendars and address books to the web. special web features for contacts let you look up address information maps select restaurants view the weather and more. - palm synchronization - most flexible syncing available. you power on software 129.99|freeverse software 4001 northland stand-alone real-time strategy game based on viking mythology description: stand-alone real-time strategy game based on viking mythology.game features:single player campaign with 8 missions including several sub missions. the exciting plots tells ... freeverse software 19.99
0|drive genius by prosoft engineering inc drive genius 1.6 provides unsurpassed hard drive management. it's packed with powerful tools: a drive optimizer a comprehensive repair facility for analyzing repairing and rebuilding volumes plus excellent testing capabilities with media surface scanning performance benchmarking and data integrity checking. it can be used to initialize drives create and delete partitions and securely erase the data from volumes/drives per department of defense standards. drive genius can also hide partitions and duplicate volumes or drives swiftly. from performance tuning to disaster recovery drive genius provides all the tools needed to take control of your hard drive and your digital life. fine tune all aspects of your system with direct advanced byte viewing and editing of all data on your drives volumes and files add delete hide expand or shrink os x partitions so you can organize your data more efficiently stop prying eyes with dod compliant secure erase that removes all traces of data from free space and deleted files global marketing partners 129|sega of america inc rome total war gold edition rome: total war gold edition brings together the multi award winning rome and critically acclaimed expension barbarian invasion. available in one great value offering this is the perfect opportunity for armchair generals to conquer and control the ...  18.77
0|now up-to-date & contact v5.0 (mac) now up-to-date & contact is the only solution that addresses all of the problems that businesses and power users face. productivity is a lot like the weather. everyone talks about it but nobody does anything about it. staying organized is a continual struggle for most people. now you can manage all your appointments contacts notes and information. it's the solution for your busy modern life. best of all it's fully cross-platform -- it doesn't matter if you use macs or windows it looks and acts the same on both. professional rapid response via online support system automated faq and free email support now software 0|reader rabbit playtime for baby & toddler discovery the happy and colorful world of reader rabbit with your child!  9.9
0|upg sgms 1000 incremental node today enterprises and service providers face increasing security challenges in their distributed networks from security and virus attacks to enforcing security policies. as a distributed network grows and branches into multiple subnetworks linked by the internet so does the complexity of managing security appliances security policies and updates. a single flaw in security implementation at any point in the network can expose the entire infrastructure allowing malicious access to important data and files with severe consequences. managing security for distributed networks on a site-by-site basis is time consuming expensive and unreliable putting a big strain on already limited resources. sonicwall global management system (sonicwall gms) standard edition enables distributed enterprises and service providers to manage thousands of sonicwall internet security appliances from a central location with a powerful flexible and intuitive application. sonicwall gms delivers a cost-effective global security management solution that reduces staffing requirements speeds up deployment and lowers the cost of managing security services. sonicwall gms gives administrators the integrated tools to manage all security policies and services throughout a large-scale multiple policy enterprise or service provider environment. administrators can easily configure sonicwall firewall settings deploy vpn to any user and add sonicwall upgrade and subscription services such as gateway anti-virus anti-spyware and intrusion prevention service complete anti-virus and content filtering service with the click of a button. sonic systems inc. 0|164-04052 microsoft office publisher 2007 - version upgrade package - 1 pc - cd - win - en microsoft 164-04052 : usually ships in 24 hours : in stock : office publisher 2007 will help people create and distribute a wide variety of high-quality publications and marketing materials - from single-page fliers to more complex brochures ...  88.8
0|lavasoft ad-aware plus edition with its award-winning technology ad-aware plus edition puts you in complete control. it offers you the highest level of protection from both known and unknown threats such as data-mining aggressive advertising parasites scumware selected traditional trolans dialers malware browser hijackers and tracking components. ad-aware plusedition offers you all the power of the personal edition but has been enhanced with additional powerful features to protect your privacy. ad-watch s real-time monitor goes beyond what other security suites offer by adding another layer of protection to your system. ad-aware plus with ad-watch allows you not only to detect privacy threats to your computer; you can also block them from integrating into your system in the first place! system requirements: windows 95/98/me/nt/2000/xp/2003 and ms terminal services tri synergy 29.99|calendar creator 10 make your own personalized calendars and planner pages. easily schedule track appointments and everything in between. includes pre-designed calendars too.  8.95
0|money premium 2007 win32 eng na mini box us only cd model- ms-cd19382wi vendor- microsoft corporation features- microsoft money premium 2007- cd mini box microsoft money 2007 premium brings all your personal accounts -- banking credit and investment -- in one place and provides the tools you need for planning and achieving short- and long-term financial goals and making tax-smart investment decisions so you can improve your financial outlook today and optimize for your future. * includes everything in money 2007 deluxe - make online banking even easier with all of your accounts--checking savings investments and credit -- in one place with one password which makes keeping tabs on the day-to-day spending a breeze. plus money connects to thousands of banks and updates automatically helping you easily stay on top of your finances. - improve your investment strategy with access to tips guidance and relevant articles from the highly regarded experts on msn money. - new! savings and spending budget helps you plan for retirement savings and debt repayment as well as your monthly expenses. its the comprehensive budget solution that helps you see your savings grow and your debt shrink. - new! spending tracker allows you to track your spending by budget groups. view alongside the popular spending by category tracker for amazing awareness of your spending. - help protect and improve your credit reduce high-interest debt and learn more about your credit rating. - forecast your cash flow to predict how much money youll have in your day-to-day accounts in the coming months. - simplify tax time. money makes preparing and filing taxes easy with expert tips from tax professionals. tools such as the microsoft 118.46|adobe photoshop cs3 (mac os x v.10.4.8) create powerful images with the professional standardadobe photoshop cs3 software accelerates your path from imagination to imagery. ideal for photographers graphic designers and web designers the professional standard delivers new features ...  649
0|adobe encore dvd 2.0 adobe encoredvd 2.0 reflects your best work on the very best dvds. packed with a rich set of creative tools you'll design and produce striking dvd titles for film business training and special events. its unmatched photoshop integration and intelligent workflow make encoredvd 2.0 the right choice for easy production of full-featured menu-driven dvds. add chapter points to let viewers skip content at certain intervals pick whip for convenient setting assignment use the library panel to organize text layers vector shapes background layers layer sets buttons images and menu templates slide show transitions with audio and panning & zooming effects type and format subtitles directly over video or import & format a scrpt containing multiple subtitles total menu control - specify the number of times a menu should loop or set it to time out & navigate to another part of the disc create your own dvd menu routing for arrow keys or a remote control add up to 99 separate timelines each with up to 99 chapter points 8 audio streams and 32 subtitle streams layers panel lets users access all layers of an imported photoshop panel external video monitor preview automatic conversion of mpeg-2 video and dolby digital audio; manually adjust settings to optimize dvd compression integrates with adobe after effects and premiere pro closed-captioning support support for dual layer discs adobe 349|deposit slips choose from book and laser styles.guaranteed acceptable for bank processing. both styles are printed with your account information.carbonless deposit books are 7 7/8in. x 3 3/8in.lines for 23 check listings on each slip.1-part pack contains two ...  85.79
0|dreamweaver cs3 9 mac ed 1u dreamweaver cs3 9 mac ed 1u adobe education box 199|turbo c pro ed - codegear - tsb1310wwfs180 turbo c professional is an extensible and customizable solutionincluding 200+ pre-built drag and drop components providingeverything you need to start real c development today as well asan extendable environment for build-your-own and third ...  381.43 gbp
0|child safe the most comprehensive and easy-to-use program to keep your children safe while they surf the web. you control individual settings for each child. parental control software: keep your children safe from internet threats filter objectionable web content and record all websites that each child visits manage your child s computer and internet time schedule and limit chat game playing or other programs receive email reports for all monitored activities lockdown access to windows settings automatically log your child off at bedtime compatible with windows vista& 153; settings can be configured from any pc on your network system requirements: os: windows 2000 windows xp windows vista cpu: 133 mhz minimum memory: 128 mb ram disk: 5 mb format: win 98 me 2000 xp vista webroot software 39.95|er - the game you've watched the excitement of er now experience it firsthand! as the new er intern at chicago's county general hospital your career starts out easily enough as you treat a manageable number of patients sporting minor cuts and bruises. however ...  9.95
0|podmaxx '07 apple designed the ipod experience in a ?walled garden' format funneling users to their itunes store to buy their music and make it difficult to buy music elsewhere. podmaxx ?07 offers a real solution to this problem enabling ipod owners to buy music anywhere they like for the best price no matter how eclectic their taste. not only can podmaxx ?07 let ipod owners buy ipod music anywhere you can also copy music and playlists from any ipod to their pc create free ringtones from any music fil collection transfer any dvd to their ipod burn music to cd directly from any ipod turn an ipod into a portable hard drive to backup valuable data sync email and contacts (including outlook) view the latest news weather movie start times and their locations ? all with one application. podmaxx ?07 is the perfect digital music companion for itunes and your ipod. podmaxx ?07 organizes your music videos and photos and fixes mislabeled songs. rip and watch your dvd movies anywhere. read your email on your morning commute. burn cds right off any ipod connected to your pc. use your ipod as portable storage device and backup your pc. burn audio cds straight from any ipod - not only can you copy everything off your ipod back to your pc but you can also burn any music files from your ipod striaght to cd. podmaxx automatically formats the files for burning to the cd format that plays in any cd player carry hours of dvd movies in your pocket burn files to cd straight off their ipod protect music collections from loss with full pc backup carry news weather movie info backup an entire pc system requirements - windows 2000 or xp; itunes 4.7 or later installed; microsoft. net framework 1.1 installed supports apple ipod - mini (4 & 6 gb) as well as all 10 20 & 60 gb ipods and nano bling 29.99|emc securid appl mnt - base/ ext 20mo per u 15005-20k - app0020000be20   17
0|instant immersion italian deluxe v2.0 (large box) with instant immersion italian deluxe you'll get entertaining instruction on japanese that moves at your own pace. build your speaking skills with the advanced speech recognition tools while the expert lessons make learning to read & write italian easier -- and more enjoyable. topics entertainment 29.99|encore software 10741 - the print shop 22 deluxe sb cs by the print shop encore software 10741 : new! the print shop 22 deluxe offers the best in total personal creativity. 350000+ images & graphics plus 20000+ project templates! packed with new features and tools you have everything you need for satisfy your creative ...  42.97
0|foreign policy & reform (win/mac) (jewel case)  fogware publishing 9.99|cd374-esk9= cisco ios enterprise services - complete package - cd cisco systems cd374-esk9= : usually ships in 24 hours : : cisco ios (internetworking operating system) software is the platform that delivers network services and enables networked applications.  1430.53
0|microsoft powerpoint 2004 (mac) powerpoint 2004 offers you the powerful advanced new tools needed for fantastic presentations. whether it's for business academic or personal needs you'll design dynamic and visual presentations that stand out and get noticed. microsoft 229.99|learn2 training for microsoft powerpoint (win 95 98 me nt 2000 xp) over 8000000 sold! used by fortune 500 companies and top government agencies for training learn2 training for microsoft powerpoint will walk you through the process of learning the world's most popular presentation software for pcs. learn2 training ...  9.99
0|tlc arthur's kindergarten learning system 2008 tlc arthur's kindergarten learning system is designed to teach essential kindergarten skill sets through a variety of proven learning techniques and never-ending educational fun. practice letter recognition & sounds have fun with addition & subtraction learn patterns & sequences learning fundamental math skills is fun when it's part of a complete learning system! journey alongside arthur and pals as they weather a terrible storm that destroys arthur's treehouse! while helping him rebuild it children learn the keys to success for reading math and more. your child will discover valuable concepts such as problem-solving counting and number values phonics and memory skills. they will be overwhelmed with sense of achievement as they move through three skill levels and build fundamental kindergarten skill sets. with tlc arthur kindergarten learning system learn: vocabulary rhyming letter recognition & sounds arithmetic counting & sorting sizes & shapes memory skills critical thinking following direction money values patterns & sequences logic & problem-solving arthur's kindergarten arthur's kindergarten is the perfect combination of learning fun and helpful features. children will remain eager to learn as they track their progress and move through auto adjusting levels. children build a solid foundation in early reading math and much more. arthur's math games discover stimulating math fun that lasts for hours with arthur and pals! build a strong math foundation with everything from basic addition and subtraction to division and fractions. keep the challenge fresh with five progressive skill levels. track your child's progress using a progress chart set goals for your child as they learn and play with arthur and friends. reward their progress with star stickers. also includes helpful tips for parents on how to create a positive learning experience. bonus! arthur gets along dvd to further enhance the child's learning with exciting educational video content. arthur gets along shows the importance of children getting along with siblings and friends. with this emmy award-winning series children learn positive social skills problem-solving & how to get along well with others. encore 19.99|122103 quarkxpress - ( v. 7 ) - complete package - 1 user - cd - win mac quark 122103 : usually ships in 24 hours : in stock : quarkxpress is powerful design and page layout software with an intuitive versatile interface that lets you combine superior typography with color and pictures to produce dynamic final output ...  742.21
0|the print shop 22 sb cs by the print shop  encore software 0|age of empires iii: warchiefs expansion pack   34.95
0|corel dvd moviefactory 6.0 ulead dvd moviefactory 6 is the award-winning consumer dvd authoring package. it's the first consumer entry-level product to offer hd dvd burning capability. capture digital media from numerous sources to create artistic original-looking video and slideshow discs. its easy-to-use storyboard and timeline editing tools help you personalize titles music and other project elements. it even has a complete set of tools for burning to cd dvd hd dvd and blu-ray disc. breathe new life into videos photos and create hollywood-style menu motion effects - ulead dvd moviefactory 6 does more than make it possible. it makes it easy. customize your slideshows with pan & zoom supports 16 - 9 widescreen pc monitors secure burning - users can password-protect videos photos documents and any other data from unauthorized access output to hd dvd-r/rw & blu-ray corel 49.99|specialty double window envelopes to match your forms & checks address shows through to save you time!just fold your form insert and mail. the recipients address shows right through the window.sturdy 24-lb. white wove stock ensures safe arrival of the contents.quantity. comes in boxes of 500.window layouts: ...  67.49
0|f/a-18 operation iraqi freedom f/a-18: operation iraqi freedom puts you in the cockpit of an f/a-18 hornet strike fighter as you fight in operation iraqi freedom! graphics simulations corporation 39.99|dramatica pro 4 for pc for pc media format cd dramatica pro acts as your creative-writing partner. helps you solve the plots & character problems that prevent good stories from being sold assists you from the initial idea all the way through to the completed narrative ...  249.99
0|reel deal casino quest traditional slots bonus game slots and multi-playvideo poker!product information reel deal casino quest brings the high-paced fastaction of a las vegas casino right to your pc.&nbsp; a wide variety of casinogames each crafted in gorgeous detail.&nbsp phantom efx 19.99|sega smash pack 2 enhance your game library with 7 classics in one collection! enjoy these seven classic hits that never grow old. the sega smash pack 2 also includes addictive puzzle game segaswirl as an added bonus!  8.95
0|make music finale 2008 academic  emedia 350|encore software 11253 - brain food games: cranium collection 2006 sb cs by encore encore software 11253 : brain food games: cranium collection 2006 sb cs by encore - 11253  17.97
0|museums of the world step behind the velvet rope to examine some of the most treasured collections of antiquities art and invention. topics presents museums of the world spirits you across the globe in an exploration of the greatest museums of our time from the louvre in paris to the great palace museum in china. discover african art american history and marvels of air space and more within all 16 of the renowned smithsonian museums. offering 3d digital replicas virtual tours interactive video narrations and insightful commentary these 5 cd-roms reveal the breathtaking and historical beauty of the world's finest creations. topics entertainment 19.99|topics entertainment instant immersion german 2.0 business trip to berlin? holiday in hamburg? from munich to munster now you can join the conversation with instant immersion german v2.0 the dynamic 5-disc language learning system on cd-rom. system requirements: pc: windows 98  17.55
0|your desktop post office for pc your desktop post office allows you to print usps postage using your pc printer and internet connection. just a couple of mouse clicks and you have exact postage printed on envelopes shipping labels or paper. you can even print addresses at the same time. plus with the addition of new photo netstamps you can make customized stamps featuring your photos or business logos. handling postage has never been easier. no more trips to the post office no more waiting in line no more expensive postage meters. stamps.com 14.99|microspot macdraft pe personal edition operating system: macintosh os x 10.2 or higher processor: power mac g3 or higher memory (ram): 8 mb free hard disk space: 20 mb minimum screen resolution: 1024 x 768  85.99
0|halo (mac) halo takes you deep into the far future with the fate of humanity hanging on your shooting skills! macsoft 29.99|5325302018 snap enterprise data replicator - license - 1 server - linux unix win adaptec 5325302018 : usually ships in 24 hours : : snap edr is a high-performance network-optimized software solution for distributing protecting and reporting on business-critical information throughout distributed enterprises.  663.22
0|dance 6 dance ejay 6 is the ultimate audio production suite for your pc! select from 4 000 brand new studio-quality sounds or use the 5 virtual instruments cd grabbing function and recording studio to create your own unique samples. fine-tune your music using the new editing tools in the arranger or simply create a mix on the fly in live jam mode. finally add visuals in the 3d vj box! digital leisure inc. 39.95|onone software inc. gpp-55211 - genuine fractals print pro 5 1u onone software inc. gpp-55211 : onone software inc. genuine fractals print pro 5 1u - gpp-55211  274.97
0|quickbooks pro 2007 for mac (mac) manufacturer warranty:andnbsp;andnbsp;90 days intuit 199.95|10527687 symantec on-demand protection - ( v. 2.6 ) - media - elite forecast elite commi symantec 10527687 : usually ships in 24 hours : : symantec on-demand protection solution helps prevent the compromise of enterprise assets such as company financials customer information and intellectual property caused by unprotected network ...  16.98
0|wisdom of the bible - holy land edition wisdom of the bible holy land edition you can reference the most in-depth bibles biblical resources multimedia guides and historical texts available! immerse yourself in serious bible study and explore a wealth of fascinating information about biblical times. you'll even follow in the footsteps on the prophets with a virtual holy land! hip interactive 29.99|nova development corp ideasoft photo clip art 10000 stand out from the crowd with 10000 unique photo images! these bright bold and brilliant photos come with solid changeable backgrounds making them as easy to use as clip art. from bananas to banjos cars to children dogs to ducks - there's a photo  7.81
0|x-plane deluxe including 7 double layer dvds (mac) x-plane 8 deluxe is the most comprehensive flight sim available today. it offers incredible accuracy in flight models wider scope in aircraft and a more versatile set of aircraft types and weather conditions. users can also download new aircraft scenery and more -- for flight simulation that's amazingly close to the real thing. land at any of 18 000 airports across the world with realistic scenery from all of them - you can even land on mars thanks to the mars orbiting laser altimeter navarre (software) 59.95|craig knudsen phillip keveren classic gems 2 1. wild rider (schumann) 2. prayer (gurlitt) 3. minuet in ?f? major (mozart) 4. musette in ?d? major (bach) 5. minuet in ?g? minor (bach) 6. toccatina (kabalevsky) 7. minuet in ?f? major (leopold mozart) 8.  25.77
0|nfs maestro solo 2006 1u - marketing information: nfs maestro solo is the de facto standard for network file system protocol on pc and it supports all the latest nfs technologies including nfsv4 nfs over tcp and webnfs. the advanced nfs features strong security seamless integration with the windows operating systems and comprehensive support of enterprise directory services make nfs maestro solo the most advanced and secured pc nfs client. it also provides bi-directional file and printer access between windows and nfs-enabled hosts. product information - software sub type: emulation - software name: nfs maestro solo 2006 - complete product - features and benefits: - support operations in ipv6 networking - new unicode support - support for setuid and setgid - connection-specific rpcsec_gss type service - symbolic links creation nfs support: - supports nfs version 2 3 and 4 (rfc 1094 rfc1813 rfc3530) - both client and server implementations - kernel mode implementation - native 32-bit and 64-bit implementation - supports operation in ipv6 networks - supports setuid and setgid - supports webnfs (rfc2054) and nfs over tcp - supports 32-bit file locking - hard and soft mount - supports microsoft unc - unlimited remote drives and printers - cache manager - device-less connection support - creates and supports symbolic links - nfsv4 compatible command line applications directory services support: - supports nis nis+ ldap and microsoft active directory - support sc hummingbird communications 309.56|homespun norman blake's guitar techniques - dvd 2: ten stellar songs and instrumentals norman demonstrates guitar techniques musical ideas playing style and ten great songs and instrumentals taken from his vast repertoire: coming down from rising fawn ? caperton ferry ? uncle joe (miss mcleod's reel) ? old virginia reel &bu  22.13
0|adobe photoshop elements 4.0 (mac) adobe photoshop elements 4.0 software combines innovation and simplicity to help you work with and enhance your digital photos with some of the industry's most powerful tools. with elements 4.0 you can fix common flaws instantly or show off your creativity in a wide variety of entertaining ways by using your photos to create cards calendars and much more. easily access your photos and add delete or move folders using the folder view. even create folders to hold collections. adjust skin tones for a more natural look even in poorly lit photos. easily select by brushing over any element of your photo to make a range of adjustments to a specific area or object. make quicker fixes than ever before for starters elements 4.0 offers users more precise controls that allow you to adjust specific areas of a photo in less time and even remove red eye automatically. the software's quick fix mode lets you perform a full range of common photo adjustments including color contrast and lighting and skin tones can be easily adjusted for a more natural look even in poorly lit photos. you can even compare before and after views that instantly let you see the effects of your adjustments. perform a full range of common photo adjustments -- such as color contrast and lighting -- in the convenient quick fix mode. easily upload your photos to a personal online album that can be updated with new photos at any time. family and friends can view your photos and instantly order prints. turn your digital pictures into professional-quality kodak prints or create a memorable hardbound photo book. both are delivered directly to your door. when it comes time to retouching your photos no problem. elements 4.0 lets you easily brush over any element of your photo to make a range of adjustments to a specific area or object. for instance you can use the magic selection brush and magic extractor tool to isolate objects from backgrounds quickly and easily even in complex textured areas. you can also remove entire backgrounds leaving foregrounds untouched or place your friends on the top of mount everest or in front of the taj majal as if they were really there. the spot healing brush lets you instantly brush away wrinkles and other unwanted objects. for more fine tuning of exposure and lighting you can work directly with the raw image file from your camera by converting the raw files to the universal digital negative (dng) format to help ensure you'll always be able to open and use your photo files in the future. effortless color corrections and photo management once you have touched up your photos you can compare a range of color variations side by side with your original photo and select the best choice with a single click. to get the best overall color possible with your photos elements 4.0 offers easy slider controls for color temperature and tint. to rescue poorly lit shots you can easily adjust shadows and highlights lighten the shadows and reduce the glare of highlights. and with 16-bit support you'll get smoother and more precise color results than ever before. do you already have hundreds of photos in your computer that you are ready to work with? elements 4.0 offers extensive photo management capabilities that will make managing and editing your digital files a cinch. for instance elements 4.0 lets you type titles and labels right onto your photos and edit them at any time. an enhanced font menu and easy-to-use interface gives you the option of quickly choosing from a wide option of fonts. if you're working with multiple photos you can save hours of effort through the software's automatic batch processes. with this time-saving feature you can remove red eye rename resize convert formats adjust levels add text and more in a single step. you can also save time by scanning several photos at once. elements 4.0 will automatically divide straighten and save each photo separately. and when it's time to final the exact photo you need elements 4.0 includes several management features that will make your life much easier. easily access your photos and add delete or move folders using the folder view. you can even create folders to hold entire collections and organize by filename date file type and many other properties. flip through photos in a full-screen slide show and rate your favorites apply color labels rotate photos change display size and show captions. with expanded metadata search parameters you can quickly find and preview any photo in a matter of seconds. these enhanced search options let you search from a wide range of metadata options such as f-stop digital camera model and even exposure values. you can also use keywords to pinpoint your search. looking for a photo of just jack but not jack and jill? elements 4.0 will find it for you. printing and uploading features when you're ready to share your photos elements 4.0 will help you to create a personal online album that can be updated with new photos at any time so that family and friends can view your photos and instantly order prints. you also have the option of uploading your photos to order professional-quality kodak prints or use adobe photoshop services to create your own calendars greeting cards or beautiful hardbound photo books that can also be delivered directly to your doorstep. (services may vary depending on region.) and if you just want to print your photos on your own elements 4.0 lets you quickly drop your photos into picture packages that let you print photos from your desktop printer in a variety of flexible layouts. adobe 89.99|ca anti-spyware 2007 key features: award-winning technology user-friendly interface protect 3 pcs detect and remove spyware ...  24.99
0|adobe acrobat standard 8.0 model- adbcd01790mc vendor- adobe software features- adobe acrobat 8 professional for mac communicate and collaborate with the essential pdf solution! adobe acrobat 8 professional software enables business professionals to reliably create combine and control adobe pdf documents for easy more secure distribution collaboration and data collection. combine files from multiple applications collaborate on documents via e-mail or server and collect information with electronic forms. protect sensitive information with passwords and permissions. enable users of adobe reader software (version 7.0 or 8) to participate in document reviews fill and save forms and digitally sign documents. -- top reasons to buy adobe acrobat 8 professional -- * enable advanced features in adobe reader enable anyone using free adobe reader software (version 7.0 or 8) to participate in document reviews fill and save electronic forms offline and digitally sign documents. * combine and optimize documents combine documents drawings and rich media content into a single polished adobe pdf document. optimize file size and arrange files in any order regardless of file type dimensions or orientation. * accelerate document reviews send documents for review and track which reviewers have contributed feedback. compile comments into a single pdf document with one-button ease and sort them by author date or page. * save in microsoft word save adobe pdf files as microsoft word documents retaining the layout fonts formatting and tables to facilitate reuse of content. * easily create adobe pdf documents create adobe pdf documents with one-button ease from microsoft office applications. wind adobe 449.99|11105106 symantec bindview policy manager - ( v. 1.0 ) - media - cd - win - english symantec 11105106 : usually ships in 24 hours : : symantec bindview policy manager reduces the increasing cost of it compliance for multiple regulations by providing automated policy management that defines and disseminates policy throughout the ...  16.09
0|final draft 7/syd field's screenwriting workshop dvd bundle  final draft 249.99|reel deal casino quest (win 95 98 me 2000 xp) reel deal casino quest! brings the high-paced fast action of a los vegas casino right to your pc move your character through the bustling casino to explore every corner and every game. enter tournaments to achieve master status of each game and ...  19.95
0|adobe creative suite cs3 web standard [mac] adobe creative suite 3 web standard software is the basic toolkit for web designers and developers. it offers all-new versions of fundamental tools for creating and maintaining interactive websites applications and mobile device content. prototype your projects design assets and build and maintain professional web experiences. flash cs3 professional for interactive design dreamweaver cs3 for web design and development acrobat 8 professional for adobe pdf workflows build your prototype with adobe fireworks cs3 streamline web design development and maintenance adobe creative suite 3 web standard software is the basic toolkit for web designers and developers. it offers all-new versions of fundamental tools for creating and maintaining interactive websites applications and mobile device content. prototype your projects design assets and build and maintain professional web experiences. get the fundamental tools move from concept to completion with adobe creative suite 3 web standard software. design assets and build your prototype with adobe fireworks cs3 software. bring your project to life with adobe dreamweaver cs3 and adobe flash cs3 professional the preferred web design and development tools. easily maintain the final project and integrate user-generated content with adobe contribute cs3. creative suite 3 web standard combines the fundamental web tools all in one place. discover intelligent integration take advantage of tight integration between your core tools so you can forget the software and focus on the project. roundtrip editing between adobe fireworks cs3 flash cs3 and dreamweaver cs3 ensures a fluid workspace that makes it easy to move and modify assets. improved css support allows you to start your css in fireworks and easily transition to dreamweaver. dreamweaver and contribute offer improved rendering compatibility as well as new flv tools that accelerate video integration. enjoy the latest workflows use the integrated tools in creative suite 3 web standard to refine your current skill set while expanding into exciting new techniques and technologies. catch the wave of online video with sophisticated web video tools or explore new opportunities in mobile content design. reach into development with the spry framework for ajax and new actionscript 3.0 language for flash. with creative suite 3 web standard the future is yours. visually manage assets in adobe bridge test mobile designs in adobe device central coordinate with team members using adobe version cue host real-time web-based meetings with adobe acrobat connect top new features of adobe creative suite 3 latest versions of the best tools get the newest releases of the industry's favorite tools for web design and development. adobe creative suite 3 web standard software offers innovative new features and advanced integration across adobe dreamweaver cs3 adobe flash cs3 professional adobe fireworks cs3 and adobe contribute cs3 software. high-productivity tools turbo-charge the web design and development process. roundtrip editing between fireworks flash and dreamweaver enables speedy prototyping graphics creation and optimization. move css layouts from fireworks to dreamweaver. use contribute with dreamweaver for controlled user-based web maintenance. emerging technologies prepare for the next generation of web technology while applying best practices. create dynamic user interfaces with css and ajax add flash video incorporate new standards-based user elements and support user-generated content for dynamic experiences. creative flexibility flow through the design process quickly with new flash creative tools such as the pen tool for better control shape primitives for easily creating unique shapes and new filter effects. use advanced video exporting and encoding to create high-quality video experiences. actionscript 3.0 development go farther with actionscript 3.0 the high-performance object-oriented programming language for adobe flash player. convert animations to actionscript and explore a whole new world of customization using the rich language api libraries and expansive community support services. rapid prototyping mock up css designs in fireworks with speed and ease. a common library contains prebuilt easily accessible objects such as forms browser and os elements. apply reskinnable color weight and font elements. move designs into flash and dreamweaver or leverage an extensible api. easy web maintenance free yourself from simple web edits. with contribute cs3 enable individuals or workgroups to easily edit and publish content to websites and blogs from a controlled permissions-based application or from within microsoft applications. mobile content authoring use adobe device central cs3 to design develop preview and test content for a wide range of mobile and consumer devices. easily showcase your work in numerous mobile device skins through built-in and regularly updated device profiles. browser and platform compatibility ensure your experience is consistent across any operating system browser or platform using the new browser compatibility check in dreamweaver and the adobe css advisor website an invaluable source of user-contributed insight on css issues. macintosh or windows pick your platform. creative suite 3 web standard is available for mac os--including intel based macintosh computers--windows xp and windows vista. design in your preferred platform and then deliver across platforms with consistent results. additional features powerful integration leverage integrated workflows that enable fast efficient exchange of assets so you move from design to delivery efficiently. roundtrip editing between fireworks flash and dreamweaver enables speedy prototyping graphics creation and optimization. import files from other adobe creative tools. professional interactive design discover the powerful expressive flash authoring environment. add life to graphics with acclaimed animation tools high-quality text rendering filters and other effects and the popular flash video tools complete with alpha channel support and batch rendering. latest technologies and standards keep pace with evolving technology and standards. design with css and xml; integrate with development environments like html xhtml xml adobe coldfusion asp asp.net jsp or php; test content across myriad browsers and operating systems; and prepare for the new internet protocol version 6 (ipv6). best practices easily apply best practices of web design and development. create consistent css-based designs with the css layout and visualization tools in dreamweaver. drag and drop an xml feed onto a web page. use the industry's first integrated tool for section 508 and wcag priority 2 checkpoints. produce for today and tomorrow whether you're updating a website to support the latest standards and technologies integrating interactive video migrating to css-based designs conforming to accessibility governances or experimenting with mobile content development creative suite 3 web standard lets you get it done today yet scales to support new web or device projects in the future. adobe creative suite 3: what's in each edition? adobe creative suite 3 editions design premium design standard web premium web standard production premium master collection adobe photoshop cs3 extended adobe photoshop cs3 adobe illustrator cs3 adobe indesign cs3 adobe acrobat 8 professional adobe flash cs3 professional adobe dreamweaver cs3 adobe contribute cs3 adobe fireworks cs3 adobe after effects cs3 professional adobe premiere pro cs3 adobe soundbooth cs3 adobe encore cs3 adobe onlocation * adobe ultra cs3 * additional features and services in adobe creative suite 3 adobe bridge cs3 adobe version cue cs3 adobe device central cs3 adobe dynamic link adobe stock photos adobe acrobat connect * adobe ultra runs on microsoft windows only. for macintosh users adobe onlocation requires bootcamp and windows (purchased separately) or a separate windows-based computer. adobe 999|alfred publishing inc teach yourself to play guitar the interactive way to learn guitar! this amazing multimedia tool teaches you everything you need to know to start playing guitar today. based on the best-selling book of the same name it includes a guitar chord dictionary and guitar tuner. plus ...  13.32
0|dk rainbow fish most beautiful fish [ages 3 - 7] a tender amazing adventure based on marcus pfisters bestselling childrens book. rainbow fish helps the blue whale. rainbow fish lived happily in the deep ocean until one day when the whale fell victim to a bad case of the hiccups and accidentally swallowed rainbow fishs friends. before rainbow fish could do anything the whale hiccuped again and swallowed him too. now rainbow fish is trapped inside the whale and needs help getting out. in this adventure children will encounter interesting characters and experience challenging gamesall with their favorite fish rainbow. bandadore and his followers are so furious to be trapped in the whale that they are holding the gentle molo hostage! can you free him? the seahorses are sad because the baby they are expecting is still asleep in its flower. put your skills to the test and make the flower bloom. features: 2 levels of game play; 2 different endings; increased playtime; numerous pre-school games perfectly integrated in the adventure; a non-linear adventure; a poetic and funny environment filled with friendly characters; humorous dialogs and songs; a simple and intuitive interface. dk 9.99|microsoft powerpoint mac 2004 version upgrade or with a zoom sling and swish. bring down the house with dynamic new animations and transitions inspired by mac users. learn more about these and other presenter-friendly options in microsoft powerpoint 2004 for mac designed to keep you on track ...  89.99
0|quicken 2007 for mac quicken 2007 lets you track all your financial information and make the right spending decisions. you'll have all you need to know about your financial status right at your fingertips and make informed choices in minutes. quicken basic works just like your checkbook so it's easy to get started. you'll be able to see your complete financial picture in minutes! intuit 69.95|broderbund ultimate print and craft suite the broderbund ultimate print and craft suite from encore? provides answers to all your print and craft home publishing needs. it features 4 creativity titles in a single collection.printmaster greeting cardswith the power of printmaster it is ...  49.99
0|quickbooks premier professional services edition 2007 quickbooks premier services edition 2007 quickbooks professional services edition has all the standard accounting features you need for your business. manage the finances of your entire business on a single screen: accounting tasks payroll and routine paperwork are easier than ever. boost efficiency with direct access to key tasks and information with the financial management solution recommended by more accountants than any other. this edition has all the tools in quickbooks pro plus easy time-savings tools to meet the unique needs of professional services firms. manage client information efficiently - share data with over 400 applications see transactions for clients and access financial data remotely streamline financial tasks - track billable employee and contract hours pay bills and create estimates easily with google marketing tools you can start marketing and advertising your business and products on the internet -- in just a few easy steps increase productivity with third-party solutions that work with quickbooks create a working budget automatically based on your recent spending history -- spreadsheet-style format makes it easy to see the results of your changes get tips advice and solutions easily with fast answers & built-in tutorials share data with microsoft word outlook and excel intuit 399.95|encore software 10393 - network now! pro by encore encore software 10393 : network now! pro by encore - 10393  33.97
0|hospital tycoon for pc hospital tycoon lets you take control of a real hospital and stop medical dramas from becoming a major crisis. manage and maintain the hospital - make sure the patients get cured and the staff is kept happy. get it wrong and you could end up with a horde of sick angry people. get it right and your hospital will grow from strength to strength. you decide who to hire and fire with 60 different characters to manage. create your own entertaining situations and watch as the characters improve over time if you treat them right. features 4 different hospital locations to expand customize and upgrade. warner new media 29.99|various artists hudson music classic solos and drum battles - vol. 2 - dvd the second installment in this exciting and acclaimed series. volume two features fifteen thunderous drum solos from legends like buddy rich lionel hampton gene krupa ?papa? jo jones art blakey shelly manne sonny payne sam woodyard  22.13
0|sims 2 seasons expansion pack enjoy all four seasons with your sims! whether your sims are ice skating on a crisp winter day or jumping into leaf piles during a warm autumn afternoon the variety of seasonal activities is guaranteed to add a fresh new layer of fun into your sims life. the sims 2 seasons builds on the celebrated the sims 2 experience that allows players to create and control virtual characters throughout their lives while determining the outcome of their relationships and choosing their destiny. and because each season unfolds differently players are guaranteed a fresh experience year after year! features: dramatic and detailed weather effects: a brand-new visual experience has come to the world of the sims 2. now your sims can experience snowstorms thundershowers lightning bolts and deadly hailstones. all four seasons are spectacularly rendered to occur in every the sims 2 neighborhood. benefit from each season: seasons impact your sims' relationships moods wants and fears. share new activities: new ways for your sims their families and friends to have fun together! build snowmen splash in the pool play catch and go ice skating. reap the fruits of your sims' labors: harvest fruits and veggies all year round and blend love potions energy drinks health boosters and more. master new talents: join the gardening club for tips on how to make your garden blossom and reap the rewards! catch fresh fish to grill on the barbeque-but beware surprising catches! explore 6 new careers: do your sims crave the life of an adventurer or gamer? perhaps they'd rather explore music law journalism or education? fun reward objects like a heavy metal guitar await your sims with each new career path. dress for the season: dress your sims in seasonal outfits including winter coats gloves ear muffs raincoats and summer dresses. fun new items: decide the season with the weather control device harvest fruits and veggies in the greenhouse slip in the skating rink make a wish at the wishing well and add fun with a pool slide. * requires the full version of the sims 2 for mac os x to play. aspyr media 34.99|mcafee inc mcafee virusscan plus sub 1:1 3u mb en   56.38
0|cadopia 6 standard edition by cadopia cadopia 6 standard edition win xp 2k nt 4.0 global marketing partners 295|scrapbook designer platinum overview special moments call for special treatment! create amazing and memorable scrapbooks in 3 easy steps with creating keepsakes scrapbook designer platinum. choose from 5000 project designs 50000 irresistible images and more than 1200 ...  17.9
0|final draft scriptwriter's suite [final draft 7 & final draft av2] final draft scriptwriter's suite offers you an all-in-one screenwriting suite. this combination of screenwriting tool and audio/visual script processing offers you a full-featured solution to writing the best scripts and screenplays. you have a story to tell - let final draft help you write it! includes final draft and final draft av. scriptcompare highlights changes in any two scripts showing storytellers the differences between files handles multiple revisions setting off revised text with custom color and margin marks scripts are interchangeable - if one is created in final draft or final draft av 2.0 it can be imported into the other make separate shots within a scene add custom headers & footers and much more scripts can be viewed in multiple layouts pagination tool automatically formats to industry standards storyboarding with apple keynote - export text from a script to add to your storyboard 100% cross-platform -- never have trouble switching formats between windows and macintosh again final draft 349.99|freddi fish 2 - case of haunted schl hse children - ages 3 to 8 everyone knows there's no such thing as ghosts... so who is haunting the schoolhouse taking the toys & practically scaring the scales off of all the guppies? good thing super-sleuths freddi fish & luther are on the case. ...  7.5
0|adobe soundbooth cs3 take command of your audio in film video or adobe flash projects with task-based tools to clean up recordings polish voice-overs customize music and sound effects and much more. adobe soundbooth cs3 software has an intuitive interface that helps you get the job done quickly without sacrificing creative control. edit and create audio with fast intuitive tools adobe soundbooth cs3 software delivers a focused toolset that enables creative professionals in all disciplines to quickly create and edit their own high-quality audio. audience benefit video professionals as a video professional you need to accomplish everyday audio tasks efficiently--even if audio production isn't your specialty. fast and intuitive to work with adobe soundbooth cs3 software gives you focused tools to bring the same superior quality to your sound as you bring to your visuals. remove noise and individual sounds from recordings polish voice-overs use markers to synchronize sound and music with animation compose and record audio and much more. flash professionals integrated with adobe flash cs3 professional adobe soundbooth cs3 software helps you synchronize audio to your flash project with just a few clicks. an intuitive interface and on-clip controls simplify everyday sound tasks like cleaning editing and creating audio. clean up recordings polish voice-overs record audio create audio loops create and export markers to xml and flv to synchronize sound with animation and much more. audio professionals even professional sound engineers need to accomplish everyday editing tasks quickly. adobe soundbooth cs3 software offers an intuitive task-based interface that can help accomplish similar results to those produced by more complicated applications but much more quickly and easily. in addition features like visual healing tools time and pitch stretching with the izotope radius engine and the adobe media encoder make soundbooth a worthwhile addition to any audio toolkit. web designers bringing sound to web projects is more important than ever for designers looking to add new dimension to the user experience. adobe soundbooth cs3 software offers a set of intuitive task-based tools that make everyday audio editing and creation fast and effective--even when audio is not your specialty. easily create customized music using included soundbooth scores with the autocomposer record new assets modify sound effects with high-quality filters and much more. top reasons to buy adobe soundbooth cs3 intuitive audio editing with on-clip controls use powerful sample-accurate tools to cut copy paste fade and stretch audio assets. intuitive on-clip tools make common edits instant and visual feedback keeps you informed at every step. fast audio cleanup automatically detect and fix common flaws in audio recordings such as hisses hums rumbling crackling and pops. autocomposer with customizable music content select one of the dozens of included soundbooth scores and then customize it to match your project. adjust intensity to match the project's visual mood and change the length to fit. visual tools for healing sound use tools like those in adobe photoshop software to visually identify select and remove individual sounds from a revealing spectral display of your waveform. more than 15 high-quality audio filters enjoy a library of audio filters to help you achieve your own sound including reverb echo eq time and pitch stretch distortion chorus and more. combine up to five effects using the effects rack. fast mastering and vocal improvement use streamlined mastering tools to polish your file clarify vocals and give it punch. new audio asset recording record high-quality mono or stereo audio files such as voice-overs with markers and take numbering. top features and benefits of adobe soundbooth cs3 edit and create with essential tools fast cut copy and paste editing cut copy and paste audio clips quickly without waiting. extensive filter library apply more than 15 filters to modify audio characteristics such as eq reverb echo flange chorus distortion time and pitch and more. high-quality radius engine from izotope stretch time and shift pitch using the powerful radius engine from industry leader izotope. new audio asset recording record high-quality mono or stereo audio files such as voice-overs with markers and take numbering. undo history panel unlimited undo layers in the undo history panel give you the flexibility to experiment without committing your changes. sound your best fast audio cleanup detect and fix common flaws in audio recordings such as hisses hums buzzing crackling and pops. tasks panel use a convenient panel organized by task to execute common commands including create music remove noise and adjust time and pitch. autocomposer with customizable soundbooth scores easily create customized music for your project using dozens of included scores with the autocomposer feature; stretch music automatically to match the length of your video clips and adjust for intensity to match the mood. visual sound removal use tools like those found in photoshop to visually select and remove--or auto heal--unwanted sounds from your clip. thousands of sound effects available via resource central create or customize existing audio for your scene or flash interface using thousands of sound effects available via resource central. (internet connection required.) work quickly and efficiently on-clip editing controls quickly adjust volume add fades or trim a track using on-clip handles. tasks panel use a convenient panel organized by task to execute common commands including create music remove noise and adjust time and pitch. flash cue support insert and edit cue points while playing recording or editing audio that can then be used to drive animation in flash. dockable windows for customizable workspaces find your rhythm in a workspace you can adjust by docking windows and panels where you choose. save workspaces for specific users or tasks. tight integration with adobe premiere pro smooth roundtrip editing allows you to send assets from adobe premiere pro software using the edit in soundbooth command. after your edits are complete the files automatically update back in the adobe premiere pro timeline or project window. adobe 199|learn2 training for microsoft powerpoint (win 95 98 me nt 2000 xp) over 8000000 sold! used by fortune 500 companies and top government agencies for training learn2 training for microsoft powerpoint will walk you through the process of learning the world's most popular presentation software for pcs. learn2 training ...  9.99
0|delorme topo usa mapping software 6.0 east region topo usa 6.0 eastern region makes it a snap to get yourself used to unfamiliar territory wherever you travel in the eastern united states. it's got the mapping tools and information you need to plan out any trip. wherever you want to go topo usa 6.0 for the eastern region will help you get there. print out 2d & 3d maps with complete route profiles and your own mapnotes add draw objects on a map scale that provides the detail you want delorme 49.95|encore software 10038 - encore the print shop v.21.0 deluxe - print management - pc encore software 10038 : the print shop 21 deluxe offers the best in total personal creativity. 320000+ images & graphics plus 17500+ project templates! packed with new features and tools you have everything you need for satisfy your creative side. ...  41.97
0|dance praise with dance pad (win/mac) turn your computer into a dance arcade with top christian hits! get ready for hours of family fun with music worth listening to! simply plug in the interactive dance pad into the usb port of your computer and start movin' and groovin' to over 50 christian songs from your favorite artists.includes music from your favorite christian artists: 4th avenue jones'andy hunteraudio adrenalinebleachdavid crowder* banddj majearthsuithawk nelsonjohn reubenliquidnewsboysout of edenpax217sanctus realsarah kellyseven day jesusstarfieldsteven curtis chapmanthe benjamin gatethe elmsthe katinastobymacverbszoegirl digital praise 39.99|bias deck 3.5 software music production software deck 3.5 multi-track digital audio recording software (up to 64 tracks) for mac deck 3.5 is a professional multi-track digital audio workstation capable of recording up to 64 tracks with automation and support for vst plug-ins. built in real time ...  299
0|microsoft powerpoint 2004 upgrade (mac) powerpoint 2004 for mac will help you make impressive presentations that have lasting impact. new display tools smooth transitions and bold new animations let you make adjustments on the fly so you'll be prepared and in control every step of the way. microsoft 109.99|quickbooks(r) premier: accountant edition 2007 quickbooks premier: accountant edition 2007 is an all-in-one bookkeeping write-up and financial reporting tool that helps accounting professionals work efficiently with multiple quickbooks clients.highlights include: support your quickbooks 2007 ...  399.99
0|isi researchsoft reference manager 11 - single user organize your data using standard windows tools in reference manager. perform key operations across multiple databases. run spell checker and syntax alerting to keep your references accurate - even customize your dictionaries. create multiple links to the web or files on your hard drive. locate references in seconds save search strategies for re-use later and use our synonym editor for authors keywords and periodicals. customize your reference list display and edit records individually or globally. isi researchsoft 299.99|phantom efx reel deal slots mystic forest fantasy: the best just keeps getting better! this hot new game is busting at the seams with bonus rounds superior sound and graphics and the quality fans have come to love from phantom efx. high-level concept: the most r  17.24
0|canopus 77010158100 let's edit canopus (770-10158-100) let's edit 2.0 canopus 99|allume anime studio pro mac os x v10.3.9+ (universal binary) (mac os x v10.4+ recommended) powerpc g5/g4 processor 500mhz or above (intel processor recommended) 256 mb ram minimum 50 mb free hard disk space (300 mb free hard disk space for anime studio pro) 16-bit color ...  179.99
0|norton internet security mac 3.0 [antivirus firewall privacy controls iclean] norton internet security 2003 professional is the complete set of tools for guarding your business from internet dangers! not compatible with macintosh versions beyond os 10.3 symantec 99.95|adobe premiere pro cs3 upgrade multicore intel processor (adobe onlocation? cs3 is a windows application that may be used on macintosh using boot camp and windows sold separately) mac os x v.10.4.9 1gb of ram for dv; 2gb of ram for hdv and hd 10gb of available hard-disk space ...  308.99
0|cosmi talking math & more for kids (windows) program teaches and reinforces vital basic skills including counting shape and color recognition addition subtraction multiplication and division. a complete report card program tracks each child's progress. set different difficulty levels goals and quiz length.colorful talking flash cards teach these essential skills: alphabet reading & spelling addition subtraction multiplication & division counting states & flags shape recognition cosmi 0|podmediacreator compose edit and direct your own videos touch up your photos create your own slideshows mix your mp3s and enjoy all of them on your ipod(r) with podmediacreator. automatic formatting and 1-click transfer makes sending them to your ipod a snap. ...  29.99
0|apple iwork '06 (mac dvd) iwork '06 features two powerful applications for creating everything from school newsletters to business presentations. with pages 2 you can quickly create a wide variety of stunning documents. with keynote 3 you can produce cinema-quality presentations storyboards and more. iwork '06 lets you express yourself with style. pages 2 helps you create stunning documents quickly and easily. choose from beautiful document templates. reviewer comments make it easy to collaborate. pages 2 introducing pages 2. thanks to new text and image editing tools it's the easiest way to look good in print. use apple-designed templates to build stunning documents in minutes. quickly add photos with the built-in ilife media browser. format your text in minutes with elegant predefined styles. add punch to your page with multiple columns self-calculating tables and engaging 3d charts. add modern design -- start with a template in pages 2 and your document is halfway to gorgeous. choose from 25 new templates including posters flyers scrapbooks folding cards technical reports business invoices proposals screenplays and storyboards. top the charts -- pages 2 lets you add beautifully designed 3d charts to any document. edit your chart then position it perfectly using the 3d rotation wheel. from there you can add even more depth and realism by applying multiple lighting styles angles reflections and shadows. get in shape -- explore your options with curves shapes and masks in pages 2. choose from new shapes insert the one you like best then customize it by adding points or sides. you can even create custom shapes using new bezier curves. when you're done creating the perfect shape you can use it to mask any photo in your document. put it on the table -- leave it to pages 2 to make mere tables more interesting. add text graphics and photos to tables then get ready to do the math: tables in pages 2 let you perform spreadsheet-style calculations without ever leaving your document -- a perfect solution for adding numbers late in the game. sign seal deliver -- never again fear the mail merge. pages 2 boasts seamless integration with mac os x address book so creating personalized documents for individuals or groups is suddenly simple. stationery templates offer predefined address book links: all you do is drag in contacts and pages automatically personalizes your documents to match. thank you notes -- with new reviewer comments in pages 2 you can take notes. type reminders to-dos or revision notes right on your document. every comment you make appears in a handy sidebar that won't affect layout or pagination. plus you can easily hide comments so they won't clutter up your document and keep you from the important business of writing editing and printing. keynote 3 offers the easiest way to create stunning presentations. choose from beautiful presentation templates. wow your audience with beautiful transitions and effects. keynote 3 grab and hold your audience's attention with keynote 3 the latest generation of apple's stunning presentation software. perhaps you'd like to make a business proposal. highlight the quarter's results for investors. dazzle viewers with your photos of the southwest. whatever your story make it into an exquisite presentation with laser-sharp graphics. captivate any audience -- transitions and effects in keynote 3 help you build cinema-quality presentations. new transitions give you more choices for transporting your audience from slide to slide flexible text animation puts your words in the spotlight and interleaved builds offer additional options for every element in your slides. enjoy variations on a theme -- themes in keynote 3 include everything you need to maintain a consistent look and feel throughout your presentation. keynote 3 offers eye-popping new hd themes ideal for high-definition displays (1920x1080 resolution) as well as new themes for standard-definition displays. plus themes now include a coordinated set of textures and colors designed for 3d charts and master slides with bulleted text in multiple columns. shape your slides -- add some artistic influence to your presentation thanks to 10 different shapes in keynote 3. choose from stars and polygons then customize your shapes by adding points and sides. and if you can't find the perfect shape new bezier curves let you personalize existing shapes or create your own from scratch. when you're done shaping up you can easily mask a photo using any standard or custom shape. you can compute -- with room for text graphics and photos tables in keynote 3 let you perform simple spreadsheet-style calculations without leaving your slide. that means you can change your presentation on a dime -- even if final data arrives late. duly noted -- note to self: let keynote 3 help you organize your thoughts with new reviewer comments. leave yourself presentation pointers jot down a list or two even incorporate feedback from rehearsals. these handy comments behave like sticky notes so they're easy to write edit and move around on your slides. plus they disappear in presentation mode keeping everything clutter-free. apple 79|microsoft office 2004 std upgrade system requirements: g3 mac os x-compatible processor or higher mac os x version 10.2.8 or later 256 mb of ram 450 mb of available hard-disk space for a recommended install of office; 630 mb for a full drag-and-drop install of office cd-rom drive ...  219.99
0|mavis beacon typing 17 deluxe by broderbund mavis beacon typing 17 deluxe by broderbund encore software 39.99|wincleaner(tm) complete pc care clean protect and repair your pc with wincleaner(tm) complete pc care. one box is all you need. one click is all it takes! the software also protects and prevents identity theft. it gets rid of performance-sapping clutter and pesky startups.  69.99
0|datawatch monarch v7 ntwk-starter cd most 8u ( fpm32c070-a08n ) monarch v7 8-user network starter cd datawatch 0|web page designer gold overview the complete web site creation management and publishing program offers you the most in web authoring system software. includes the latest and newest features in web authoring and design. features over 40 site styles free form design ...  36.9
0|coreldraw graphics suite x3 upgrade whether you're creating company logos or working toward demanding production schedules you can transform ideas into professional results with the help of coreldraw graphics suite x3. this significant update includes more than 40 new and enhanced features designed to directly benefit design professionals and occasional business users. included applications coreldraw x3: an intuitive graphic design and page layout application that meets the demands of today's busy design professionals and occasional business users. it delivers results fast whether you're creating a company logo or working toward demanding production schedules. corel photo-paint x3: a professional image-editing application that lets users quickly and easily retouch and enhance photos. it is specifically designed for use as part of a graphic workflow. corel powertrace x3: professional designers often receive poor-quality bitmap images from clients and face the challenge of turning these into high-quality vector images for business cards brochures promotional items or signs. the new corel powertrace solves this problem by letting users quickly and accurately convert bitmaps into editable vector graphics. corel capture x3: a one-click screen capture utility that lets users capture images from their computer screen. pixmantec rawshooter essentials: this raw workflow tool provides the highest-quality output and fastest conversion time of any raw converter on the market today. it gives designers and business users excellent results with minimum effort. content: more than 10 000 clipart and digital images individually selected to meet the needs of design professionals and business users; 1 000 opentype fonts plus 35 windows glyph list 4 (wgl4) fonts; and 100 creative templates. corel powertrace is the most powerful and accurate bitmap-to-vector tracing application on the market. you now have complete control and flexibility for editing vector images including color merging and interactive color mode selection. see it in action. the image adjustment lab is a 'one stop shop' for adjusting photo colors and tones while the ability to create snapshots of your adjusted photos with one single click makes photo comparison simple and easy. see it in action. powerful new illustration tools help you transform your ideas into results faster and more beautifully than ever. see it in action. also included: images fonts and 10 000 hand-selected professional clipart images. you also get 35 new wgl4 fonts and 1 000 royalty free photos. see it in action. its now easier than ever to learn and work with coreldraw graphics suite x3! see it in action. made for you coreldraw graphics suite x3 has been designed for both design professionals and occasional business users with special new tools that are sure to ease the burden of both types of users. if you work in advertising printing sign-making engraving or manufacturing this release has amazing new tools that help you get the job done faster and with more accuracy. likewise if you need to create marketing collateral flyers newsletters brochures web graphics and other projects for your business coreldraw graphics suite x3 makes it easy to make it happen fast. quality layout results coreldraw x3 provides significant improvements to text handling that make it easier for users to select edit and format text. new controls have been added for alignment drop caps tabs bullets and columns. for more flexibility and accuracy in design users can now specify text size in inches and create hyperlinks for specific characters. in addition the application works better with text from other sources. the new character formatting docker makes formatting artistic and paragraph text easier than ever before. this convenient new docker includes easy-to-use controls for adjusting kerning changing the angle of selected characters and applying character effects such as underline strike-through uppercase. meanwhile an enhanced interactive fit text to path tool now makes it easier than ever to attach text to a path with precision. a common effect for creating logos and signs this new tool lets you interactively control text placement in order to get your desired results. new tools for illustration with coreldraw graphics suite x3 designers can take advantage of tons of new tools and features that increase their productivity without compromising on their creativity and flexibility. for instance the new star tool lets users quickly and easily draw perfect stars while the new complex star tool makes it easy to create complex stars that have intersecting sides and produce unique results with an applied fill. you can also specify the number of points and can sharpen the points of a complex star. a significant time-saver the new crop tool quickly lets you remove unwanted areas in objects and imported graphics -- both bitmap and vector. this handy addition to the coreldraw x3 toolbox eliminates the need to ungroup objects break linked groups apart or convert objects to curves. meanwhile the unique new smart fill tool lets you apply a fill to any enclosed area by creating a new object from an enclosed area. unlike conventional fill tools that fill only objects the smart fill tool detects the edges of an area and creates a closed path so that the area can be filled. for example the smart fill tool can fill the loops of a freehand line that crosses over itself. the smart fill tool creates a path around the area so the filled object can be moved copied or edited. powerful accurate tracing coreldraw graphics suite x3 provides a more streamlined integrated tracing solution that delivers accurate and optimized bitmap-to-vector tracing results. integrated with coreldraw x3 the new corel powertrace allows users to quickly and easily convert bitmaps into editable vector graphics. design professionals typically face the challenge of turning bitmap images into high-quality vector images to create logos for business cards brochures signs and promotional items. for control and flexibility corel powertrace generates a color palette that lets you easily pick which colors appear in the traced result and quickly convert them to the appropriate color mode including spot colors. you can also choose from several preset tracing styles color modes and background options. with three different preview modes -- before and after large preview and wireframe overlay -- corel powertrace makes it easy to analyze the result and adjust the settings used to trace your image. efficient photo editing coreldraw graphics suite x3 puts the focus on providing design professionals with more efficient intuitive and accurate photo editing. corel photo-paint x3 is now significantly faster when working with large images and applying photo effects resulting in better real-time feedback and improving overall workflow efficiency. improved object handling gives designers more precise control in rotating skewing or distorting objects. for large images improved use of image cache provides significantly increased response time for previewing most effects and for manipulating objects. the new integrated image adjustment lab saves designers valuable time and is accessible from both corel photo-paint and coreldraw. design professionals often work with files that have poor color balance and contrast and they need to use multiple tools to make adjustments. the image adjustment lab addresses this problem by uniting a number of manual and automatic controls for common color and tone corrections providing an intuitive and fast way to achieve professional image adjustments. the image adjustment lab also lets users create snapshots of their adjustments with just one click. the snapshots appear below the working preview which lets users easily compare each snapshot against the original and choose the best result. built on the power of corel knockout the enhanced cutout lab includes new controls to simplify the process of cutting out image areas and to improve accuracy. the new add detail and remove detail tools make it easy to refine the cutout area. for easy reference when defining the cutout area users can preview their cutout against the original image or transparent white gray or black backgrounds. for maximum flexibility users can choose to save the cutout object and discard the original image save the cutout object and keep the original image or save the cutout object as a clip mask added to the original image. in addition the cutout lab includes undo and redo buttons to quickly correct any mistakes. enhanced compatibility coreldraw graphics suite x3 provides enhanced compatibility for more than 100 commonly used file formats including adobe illustrator photocells corel paint shop pro microsoft office jpeg and pdf. users can now seamlessly edit and exchange files in those formats. outstanding support for spot colors has been added for adobe illustrator photoshop and pdf. upgrade eligibility to purchase the upgrade version of coreldraw graphics suite x3 you must own a previous licensed version of: coreldraw coreldraw graphics suite coreldraw office edition coreldraw essentials coreldraw select coreldraw classic corel designer corel photo-paint corel painter corel picture publisher micrografx designer micrografx igrafx business micrografx graphics suite. corel 179|stamps.com your desktop post office instantly calculate and print exact postage from your pc! eliminate trips to the post office print on envelops labels or plain paper save 80% compared to a postage meter. make your mail look more professional takes  13.38
0|home & business lawyer dlx 2006 by broderbund home & business lawyer dlx 2006 by broderbund encore software 0|quicken(r) quickbooks(r) microsoft money(r) and simply money(r) elegant laser checks add style to your laser or inkjet checks!choose from several designs. all the great features of the laser checks but in your choice of elegant beige stripes with teal border light blue marble finish with darker blue border or light tan parchment ...  97.99
0|ibm viavoice advanced v.10  nuance communications inc. 0|computer associates ca server protection r3.1 base & 5u spa [non-returnable] this item is not returnable computer associates ca software: ca server protection r3.1 base & 5u spa [non-returnable] computer associates ca software new upc: 2147483647 warranty: warranty: 1 year louisiana oregon texas ohio new jersey and the ...  628.82
0|century software - tinyterm plus v.4.0 - complete product tinyterm plus addresses the host connectivity needs of enterprise-level organizations that require access to ibm mainframes mid-range computer systems and unix / linux servers. standardizing on tinyterm plus offers easy and economical migration from other vendor's products with enterprise-grade deployment management tools and integration options providing ease and greater flexibility to control and customize organizational rollouts. century software 0|iview mediapro 2.6 media management product datasheet (pdf: 1.1mb) system requirements macintosh ? powerpc or newer such as imac g3 g4 ? mac os 9.1.x or mac os x (10.1.x) ? carbonlib 1.5 ? quicktime 6.x ? 8 mb of ram (os 9 allocation) ? monitor set to thousands or millions ? 13 mb ...  155.99
0|digital video and audio production book for vegas 7+dvd launch your video and audio skills to new heights with the digital video and audio production. newly revised for version 7 by the original authors this book puts the stunning capabilities of vegas software right where they belong: in your production arsenal! the eight logically organized modules contain almost 30 lessons and over 80 tasks that teach important concepts in a step-by-step fashion. over 100 private tutors further explain concepts explore related topics suggest helpful resources and share tips and power-user techniques. additionally we ve included quizzes and food-for-thought essay questions at the end of each module to solidify your knowledge. we ve also included a dvd-rom containing lesson files sample media and a complete vegas manual in .pdf format! sony pictures digital entertainment 49.35|encore software 11861 - jewels of cleopatra - win xp vista encore software 11861 : jewels of cleopatra is a mesmerizing puzzler with a creative twist: instead of matching tiles you ll be adventuring through them! as archaeologist dr. felicity turnstone you must make your way through hidden tombs and ...  18.97
0|humorous greeting card factory humorous greeting card factory is a versatile new card design tool that helps you bring your loved ones a laugh! an explosion of creative output is just waiting to happen -- all you need to set it off is humorous greeting card factory! nova development 29.99|sony media software cinescore soundtrack creation software audio software for video cinescore - professional soundtrack creation software for windows 2000/xp cinescore from sony media software is software that automatically generates an unlimited number of custom music tracks for various video projects. the software includes a dvd ...  179.95
0|ca arcserve bkup r11.1/nw stor area netw (san) opt prod only arcserve bkup r11.1/nw stor area netw (san) opt prod only computer associates 0|encore software 11630 - monopoly tycoon - win 98 me 2000 xp encore software 11630 : monopoly tycoon rolls simulation and strategy into one game! build businesses and watch your profits grow in real-time! don t stop until you own it all! system requirements: minimum system requirements: operating system: ...  7.69
0|digital video and audio production book for vegas 7+dvd launch your video and audio skills to new heights with the digital video and audio production. newly revised for version 7 by the original authors this book puts the stunning capabilities of vegas software right where they belong: in your production arsenal! the eight logically organized modules contain almost 30 lessons and over 80 tasks that teach important concepts in a step-by-step fashion. over 100 private tutors further explain concepts explore related topics suggest helpful resources and share tips and power-user techniques. additionally we ve included quizzes and food-for-thought essay questions at the end of each module to solidify your knowledge. we ve also included a dvd-rom containing lesson files sample media and a complete vegas manual in .pdf format! sony pictures digital entertainment 49.35|01-ssc-3363 sonicwall global management system standard edition - license - 10 nodes - win sonicwall 01-ssc-3363 : usually ships in 24 hours : : today enterprises and service providers face increasing security challenges in their distributed networks from security and virus attacks to enforcing security policies.  1835.31
0|elementary school success deluxe 2006 unparalleled primary school content from arithmeticto zoology! grades 1 - 6product informationintroducing elementary school success deluxe the leading-edge suite of softwaretools for the personal computer. providing all elementary students with&nbsp; a topics entertainment 49.99|299530 quickbooks premier nonprofit edition 2007 - complete package - 1 user - cd - win intuit 299530 : usually ships in 24 hours : in stock : nonprofit edition gives you standard accounting features plus easy tools for nonprofits to demonstrate financial accountability to your board of directors.  344.58
0|total 3d home & landscape design suite version 9 total 3d home & landscape is designed for the homeowner not an architect or contractor. use it to create the perfect living space. create sample garden & landscape plans -- or save time and money with pre-designed landscape plans. simply drag and drop smart yardblocks to create an entire lawn deck pool and more. view your design in full color and easily identify furniture plants windows fences and more in your design. scan & trace blueprints easily make changes to an existing design. keep your yard looking beautiful with irrigation systems. whether you're designing your dream home remodeling a kitchen or bathroom or creating the ideal outdoor living space you'll have all the tools and inspiration you need. over 14 000 ready-to-build sample home plans on dvd 2 500 designer showrooms provide inspiration and ideas for your home research and select from over 4 600 plants to include in your design real-photo dynamic imaging for superior realism individual software 39.99|nuance communications inc. upgrade to dragon naturallyspeaking v8 legal solutions from professional v6 and up (govt) olp - a590a-sf2-8.0   314
0|cakewalk sonar home studio 6 cakewalk sonar home studio 6 takes your music further faster than ever. musicians on a budget don't have to sacrifice features for affordability anymore -- sonar 6 provides you with tools that let you perfect your tracks. record and mix at the highest possible quality with a range of powerful features that adapts to your unique style of music creation. at every step of your production -- from composing with virtual instruments to recording mixing and beyond -- you'll fast forward your music production. sonar home studio 6 introduces cakewalk publisher a new tool that helps users publish and present their music online. cakewalk publisher allows sonar home studio customers to create a customized online streaming music player with playlists of their music that can then be directly uploaded from sonar home studio to band websites myspace pages and other internet sites. 10 new professional audio effects. active controller technology (act) lets users easily control and automate effects instruments and their mix from midi controllers by automatically remapping controls to whatever has the focus. rip from and burn to cd directly from sonar home studio. automate tracks effects and instruments easily with enhanced automation tools. midi input quantize corrects the timing of midi performances in real-time. freeze tracks effects and virtual instruments to conserve cpu power. native and fully integrated support for vst plug-ins no wrapper required dropzone sampler with extended library of instrument sounds including a drum pack and bass pack cakewalk publisher lets users present and stream their music on the internet cakewalk 139|symantec(tm) norton 360(tm) norton 360 is a comprehensive all-in-one security software that provides your computer with automatic protection from viruses and spyware fraudulent web sites phishing scams hackers identity theft and more. this renewable subscription lets you ...  79.99
0|jumpstart advanced preschool v2.0 jumpstart advanced preschool is the complete get ready for school program. now including jumpstart toddlers it delivers more fun and engaging activities than ever in this 4-cd set. students learn: patterns upper case letters lower case letters number recognition spatial awareness counting quantities colors shapes sizes knowledge adventure 19.99|emedia rock guitar method (win 95 98 me nt 2000 xp/mac 8.0) the emedia rock guitar method cd-rom makes learning fun and easy with over 100 audio and video-enhanced guitar lessons. the innovative teaching style presents rocksongs chords riffs and gear tips in an excitingfast-paced learning format that ...  39.15
0|webroot spy sweeper antispyware 5.x spy sweeper (small box) (win 98 me 2000 xp) webroot software 29.95|transfer my dvd avanquest usa key features: dvds and movies on your ipod for video ipods...  29.95
0|quicken 2007 deluxe quicken deluxe 2007 contains all the tools you liked in quicken basic plus tools to help you plan for the future and achieve your financial goals. download your credit card banking and brokerage transactions directly from your participating financial institutions. save for a college tuition a new home or vacation; create retirement and estate plans; avoid getting into debt; and simplify your taxes. see your complete financial picture in minutes! intuit 59.95|3000 truetype(r) fonts 3000 truetype fonts with a new font management system will save you time and computer resources by managing all of your fonts. install preview and uninstall eye-catching truetype fonts with the easy-to-use interface. high-quality truetype fonts ...  29.99
0|microsoft onenote 2007 office onenote 2007 is a digital notebook that provides one place to gather notes and information powerful search capabilities to find what you're looking for quickly and easy-to-use shared notebooks to help manage information overload and work with others more effectively. as an integrated part of the 2007 microsoft office system onenote 2007 makes it easy to gather organize find and share your notes and information more efficiently and effectively. powerful search capabilities can help you locate information from text within pictures or from spoken words in audio and video recordings. and easy-to-use collaborative tools help teams work together with all of this information in shared notebooks whether online or offline. plus the familiar look and feel of the microsoft office system makes it easy to start using the program right away minimizing wasted time and training costs. gather all of your information in office onenote 2007. view larger. gather and organize everything in one place with so much information coming your way--and in so many different forms--you need one place to keep it all and a tool that's flexible enough to capture it. otherwise information that could have been used to help make better decisions or make you more efficient is lost or difficult to find. unlike paper-based systems word processing programs e-mail systems or other productivity programs onenote 2007 delivers the flexibility to gather and organize text pictures digital handwriting audio and video recordings and more--all in one digital notebook on your computer. this software can help you become more productive by keeping the information you need at your fingertips and reducing time spent searching for information across e-mail messages paper notebooks file folders and printouts. save time by consolidating information taking notes on paper and transcribing them later can be time-consuming and difficult and you run the risk of losing important pages. in addition it's difficult to share data kept in a conventional paper notebook and they're only good for capturing one kind of information: handwritten notes. when it's time to gather information from other sources and in different ways other difficulties can arise. for instance because most people don't have a way of digitally capturing unstructured information they often print out web research and store information in file folders or on desks which is difficult to find later and inaccessible when you're away. and sharing information with others can be challenging--even when using e-mail it can be hard to hard to figure out what the plan is without reading through long e-mail threads that may or may not contain the information you need. onenote 2007 however gives you a solution with a flexible software program that enables you to gather virtually any type of information in one place. with your information readily available you can be more prepared and informed. quickly find what you need with onenote 2007 finding information is easy and fast because it eliminates the guesswork of figuring out where you stored critical information. no more clicking through file folders and sorting through pages of paper notebooks to find the information you're looking for. powerful search features give you the ability to locate information quickly while allowing you to search across new types of content like text in scanned documents or images and spoken words in audio and video recordings. with easier access to the facts you and your teammates can make better decisions. with office onenote 2007 your team can work together more effectively. view larger. protect your intellectual property onenote 2007 helps you consolidate various types of information--including freeform notes images documents files from other microsoft office system programs and rich media--and organize it in the way that works best for you. and because it keeps everything in one place you don't have to worry about frequently saving or creating backups of your information--onenote 2007 does this for you. ideal for businesses if you're attending an important meeting and don't want to rely on your memory simply take meeting notes in onenote 2007 to create a living repository of group decisions and brainstorming sessions that adds continuity and context to subsequent meetings. you can also catch all the details of customer calls and meetings by synchronizing typed or handwritten notes with office onenote 2007 audio and video recordings. if you're working outside of the office gather information on your microsoft windows mobile powered devices (including notes audio recordings and pictures) and transfer it to onenote 2007. and when it's time to share data with your colleagues take advantage of onenote 2007's export application programming interface to easily transfer information gathered in onenote 2007 to your company's business systems and in so doing reduce errors and wasted time spent rekeying the same information in different systems. need to copy paste or print information from and into other 2007 microsoft office system programs? it's no problem with onenote; this software lets you access and exchange information in word excel outlook and powerpoint. you can even use onenote 2007's drawing tools and tables to annotate and easily organize and manage information. find what you're looking for quickly using office onenote 2007. view larger. search and link options onenote 2007 lets you search and find keywords quickly within text in images and in audio recordings made within the application. you can also view hyperlinked search results in a summary task pane; a single click takes you to relevant results. for added convenience view all open notebooks at once use drag-and-drop functionality to easily arrange and rearrange your notes and add hyperlinks to other pages in your notebook to quickly find relevant content. manage tasks easily with two-way synchronization between onenote 2007 and the 2003 and 2007 versions of outlook or link notes and other information to specific outlook 2007 or outlook 2003 contacts to help you better prepare for meetings and recall information easily. if you want to underscore a particularly important point date or other piece of information mark notes with note tags visually rich icons that make it easier to return to reminders to-dos and other action items. work together more effectively with team members working from different locations and on multiple projects communication coordination and information sharing can challenge group effectiveness and productivity. teams often rely on e-mail messages to share information causing confusion and bloated e-mail inboxes. tasks action items agendas and issues stored within static documents or document management systems are difficult to update track and access and they prevent multiple people from working with the same information at the same time. onenote 2007 helps people work together better by eliminating roadblocks that arise when information is isolated in paper notes or file folders or on one person's computer. groups can share information easily work more productively and keep track of projects issues and goals more effectively. individuals can work together from the same notebook--whether online or offline--using shared notebooks. onenote2007 manages changes made to the same notebook eliminating the need to track versions or upload changes. you can also create a team knowledge base so that everyone has access to the same information helping to get new team members up to speed quickly and minimizing duplicate efforts. share notes even with non-onenote 2007 users by sending your notes as html so that anyone with an e-mail client or web browser can view them and stay in control of your information by choosing which notebooks to share with your teammates and which to keep private and help ensure privacy with password protection. you can even use onenote 2007 as a shared digital whiteboard enabling virtual teams to work together in real time viewing and editing the same set of notes. microsoft 99.95|anita o'day yamaha anita o'day's finest hour - smart pianosoft this innovative software series enables your disklavier mark iii piano to perform with the world's most popular cds! using yamaha's pianosmart technology this companion diskette will magically empower your disklavier mark iii to accompany the ...  18.5
0|kids power fun for girls  topics entertainment 19.99|onone software ice-10770 intellihance pro 4.1 mac/win (buy now and get free cs3 compatibility upgrades) dynamic image enhancement and color correction intellihance pro 4 quickly and dynamically enhances images to make them look their best. compare and print up to 25 professional enhancement variations at once.highlights:^^ quickly and dynamically ... onone software 158.99
0|classification & ecology (win/mac) (jewel case)  fogware publishing 9.99|microsoft(r) office 2004 for mac standard edition upgrade version microsoft(r) office 2004 for mac standard edition upgrade version will help you present your ideas with more impact and seamlessly share information with your colleagues no matter which platform they use - mac or windows. word notebook layout view ...  234.95
0|scrabble champion edition  encore 19.95|topics entertainment 80542 instant immersion french 2.0 781735805428 topics entertainment 80542 instant immersion french 2.0 781735805428  18.2
0|adobe premiere elements 3.0 premiere elements brings your home videos to life and helps you create and share them quickly and easily with friends and family. burn your footage to dvd in two simple steps or try the new sceneline to rearrange clips and add effects and enhancements with drag-and-drop simplicity. you can now download clips from some nokia mobile phones. and with support for major device formats you can share your movies on the web and virtually anywhere else. wow your audience with hundreds of eye-catching effects and transitions that are easy to apply with drag-and-drop simplicity. move footage from camera to dvd in two simple steps or drop it into the sceneline where you can easily rearrange clips and add effects with drag-and-drop simplicity. for more control use the timeline view which offers more editing options. view larger. edit and preview your movie in one convenient place& 151;the monitor window& 151;where you can split and trim clips add effects and more. view larger. easily create home videos and dvds premiere elements makes it easy to import video audio and still images from virtually any media device including dv and dvd camcorders hdv devices web digital still and mobile phone cameras unprotected dvds mpeg-4 video recorders windows media center and video clips from selected mobile phones. there is also native hdv support so you can achieve richer results by capturing and editing hdv footage in its native format. premiere elements gives you control of your video footage whether you want to burn it right to a dvd or spend time editing and adding creative elements. if you want to simply create dvds you can go from camcorder to disc in just a few clicks. or take advantage of the powerful video-editing tools that allow you to transform and personalize your video creation. for quick editing the sceneline view lets you assemble your video by drag and drop rearranging thumbnails of your clips and adding transitions and effects. for more precise control the timeline view offers premier elements' most advanced features. do all your editing in one convenient place: easily trim and split clips drag and drop effects and transitions add text and narration and more right in the monitor window. you can even create your own time-lapse movies claymations and other still-frame animations with the stop-motion video capture features. rock-solid performance and quality are included in all of adobe's premier software. for example you can view edits in real time as you make them by previewing your movie full-screen with just the click of a button. you can also feel free to experiment: with auto save multiple undos and the history panel you can always go back to a previous version. the soundtrack for your video can be rich and full with the quality of dolby digital stereo. and since video editing can take up a lot of processor speed and memory premier is optimized to support multiple processors and advanced multi-threading and hyper-threading technology on the latest pentium and centrino duo-based windows xp systems. wow your audience with amazing effects even if you're new to video editing you can raise the production value of your video by adding special effects. with narration features your video will tell the story in your own voice; simply add narration to your video as you edit. for adding titles or other text to your video adobe provides world-class fonts that are designed to look great on video. and adding text is easy since you can now type text right on screen then add a cool shadow glow or other effect to make it unique. if you want to make your video more dynamic you can add moving text and graphics. adding tv-style effects is simple& 151;just drag and drop one of the hundreds of amazing special effects you can customize and reuse. also choose from hundreds of eye-catching transitions to creatively move from one scene to the next. to apply a transition just drag and drop to apply effects such as dissolves fades and wipes. or you can create your own transition style. music can be an important part of your video so premier elements lets you add your music files and then edit your video to match the beat. for crediting your cast and crew choose from more than 100 professionally-designed templates. share your videos anywhere since videos are made to be seen premier elements includes powerful tools for outputting your movie. while creating a professional-quality dvd you can design unique dvd menus using your own video photos audio and text. or save time with automatic scene indexes or chapters that link to your video clips. create and watch your video in traditional tv (4:3.0) or widescreen (16:9) format in ntsc or pal standard for a worldwide audience. give your audience high-quality sound by automatically converting audio to industry-standard dolby digital stereo allowing you to burn more video onto a single disc without sacrificing sound quality. before you burn make sure your movie is just as you envisioned it by watching a full-screen preview on your computer or tv. then burn your finished movie to a single- or dual-layer dvd. for sharing on portable devices export a movie in the mpeg-4 format. mpeg-4 files can then be viewed on virtually any portable device& 151;including the video ipod and sony playstation portable. supported formats premiere elements 3.0 import/export formats supported include: 3gp asf (import only) avi dolby digital stereo dv dvd h.264 jpeg jvc everio mod (import only) mpeg-1 mpeg-2 mpeg-4 png (import only) psd (import only) quicktime wav windows media wma (import only) adobe 99.99|macbackup macbackup makes computer backup quick and easy! backup wizards are categorized to instantly backup everything on your computer or only your photos music and movies. easily store backups to virtually any kind of media: cd dvd zip disks network ...  29.99
0|isi researchsoft reference manager 11 - single user organize your data using standard windows tools in reference manager. perform key operations across multiple databases. run spell checker and syntax alerting to keep your references accurate - even customize your dictionaries. create multiple links to the web or files on your hard drive. locate references in seconds save search strategies for re-use later and use our synonym editor for authors keywords and periodicals. customize your reference list display and edit records individually or globally. isi researchsoft 299.99|mike dowling homespun swing guitar dvd one ? rhythm's where it's at : veteran player mike dowling demonstrates clearly and simply the techniques that put him in high demand as sideman for such legendary players as joe venuti jethro burns and vassar clements. he covers swing  36.67
0|sierra hallmark card studio special edition ( windows ) hallmark card studio special edition makes it easy to capture life's special moments and commemorate any event. create beautiful photo frames or envelopes with dozens of exclusive images. stay connected with family & friends and make sure they know how you feel! nova development 0|ma888z/a final cut studio - ( v. 2 ) - version upgrade package - 1 seat - dvd - mac apple computer ma888z/a : usually ships in 24 hours : in stock : final cut studio helps take you beyond mere editing.  460.7
0|encore the big box of art 410 000 ( 460001 ) get over a million images to complement every project! the big box of art 410 000 gives you an overwhelming selection of photos clip art animations web graphics and photo clip art images and our fast fun and easy browser lets you find and use them in seconds. now you don't have to download anything from the web or flip through catalogs to find images just use a keyword! encore software 19.99|11105070 symantec antivirus for network attached storage - ( v. 4.3 ) - media - cd - linu symantec 11105070 : usually ships in 24 hours : : in today's networked environments high availability of data is critical to business success.  17.45
0|cakewalk sonar 6 studio sonar 6 studio is designed to take you from inspiration to masterpiece faster than ever before. at every step of your production -- from composing with virtual instruments to recording mixing and beyond -- sonar gives you the professional tools and inspiring canvas that adapt to your unique style of music creation. at last project studios and musicians on a budget don't have to sacrifice features for affordability because sonar 6 studio edition is built upon the same core feature set and pristine 64-bit double precision engine as sonar 6 producer edition. fast forward your music production today with the unmatched music creation tools and sonic clarity of sonar 6. analyst spectrum analyzer read/write controls for tracks and plug-ins enable automation during playback and record & visual automation cues clip editing enhancements including lock to time fast zoom enables fast precise edits without losing your place mouse wheel support for parameter control and zoom crash recovery safeguards your projects against faulty plug-ins and other sources of crashes score video with video thumbnail track in track view back up projects with time/date stamps for easy access to old versions make your own user interface - put favorite features right at your fingertips user-customizable plug-in menus for easy organization and grouping friendly driver naming -- user-customizable audio hardware port names custom color schemes with saturation hue and brightness controls and color categories for easy customization cakewalk 369|accpac(r) business works 9.0-10.0 compatible continuous check compatible with accpac(r) business works versions 9.0-10.0.continuous check size: 9 1/2in. x 7in..  121.89
0|cook'n vegetarian featuring recipes for tasty and healthful meatless dishes made with fresh ingredients the cook'n vegetarian cd also includes a selection of almost-instant recipes with preparation times of 30 minutes or less. many of the cook'n vegetarian cd's recipes use less fats sugars and salts and bring out the natural nutritional properties in everyday foods. recipe selection is made simple: type in what ingredients you have on hand and search for recipes utilizing those ingredients. other features include:hundreds of full-color food photos organize your own recipes e-mail recipes to your friends print your recipes on decorative 3-by-5 cards create weekly menus make grocery shopping lists search the internet for coupons analyze the nutritional value of your recipes download recipes and shopping lists to your palm pilot dvo enterprises 19.99|freeverse software 4012 3d bridge deluxe (retail box) for mac 3d bridge deluxe is a great way for beginners to learn the game with its own tutorials that will give you enough of the basics to play online with real people and get rankings on the gamesmith game description:3d bridge deluxe is a great way for ... freeverse software 18.99
0|printmaster gold v 17.0 printmaster gold 17 gives creative home users a chance to get creative & use their imaginations. everything from a bridal shower invitation to youth soccer league rosters can be made quickly and easily. encore software 19.99|mcafee virusscan plus 2007 (pc) key features: 3-in-1 protection simple to use constant protection...  39.99
0|the print shop 21 standard by broderbund yellow cyan magenta - ink cartridge(s) encore software 0|adventure inlay packed front to back with hand crafted levels and ingenious game play. over sixty gorgeously rendered wildlife scenes fill the adventure inlay landscape. place gems correctly on the board to complete each puzzle in one of four distinctly addicting ...  9.95
0|police quest compilation special limited edition with 4 products in one box! product information it doesn't get more real than this.&nbsp; police quest's four action-packedstories throw you instantly into a cop's daily life.&nbsp; investigatehomicides.&nbsp; foil drug rings.&nbsp; track down a serial killer.&nbsp; formerlapd chief daryl gates is on hand with real-world experience. the closest experience to being vivendi games 19.99|nintendo gamecube: avatar: the last airbender play as aang katara haru and sokka in this nickelodeon(r) avatar: the last airbender(tm) game for the game boy(r) advance game system (sold separately) as you grow your team into an unstoppable force utilize your bending powers and explore the ...  29.99
0|ca antivirus 2007 anti-virus 2007 is the latest antivirus protection for your home and home office pc. take comfort while you're online -- you'll be defended by a tool that offers complete virus protection. secure your pc against thousands of computer viruses worms and trojan-horse programs. it's your all-in-one tool for complete protection detection and elimination of online threats. vista compatible computer associates 39.95|now software nuw45e1k - now up-to-date & contact - complete product - content management - 1 user(s) - complete product - standard - pc now software nuw45e1k : productivity is a lot like the weather. everyone talks about it but nobody does anything about it. staying organized is a continual struggle for most people. wrestling with paper planners trying all the latest handheld ...  107.97
0|zonealarm anti-spyware 1 year protection zonealarm's powerful anti-spyware protection stops spyware before it gets on your pc. it also scans for and removes spyware already on it and offers extra protection from dangerous spyware websites. it combines the robust security features computer experts demand with automatic functions that make it simple enough for novices to use. delivers proactive firewall protection with multiple layers of security that stop inbound outbound and program attacks while remaining completely invisible to hackers guards the network perimeter from inbound and outbound threats with the world's 1 firewall prevents spyware and other malicious programs from sending your personal information across the internet automatically makes your computer invisible to anyone on the internet protects your programs from malware smartdefense advisor automatically adjusts your security settings for maximum protection against the latest virus and spyware outbreaks includes defensenet an early warning system that gathers data from the zone labs user community on the latest spyware and malware outbreaks leverages this vast user knowledge by including it in signature updates that protect your pc from the latest spyware attacks system requirements - windows 2000 pro/xp / pentium iii 450 mhz or higher. 50mb of available hard disk space. internet access. minimum system ram - 64mb (2000 pro) 128mb (xp) vista compatible zone labs 29.99|masque publishing sportsmans double play with american billiards features sportsman's double play and american billiards. sportsman's double play includes sport fishing professionaland sport shooting. american billiards includes 8-ball 9-ball snooker and more.  17.55
0|adobe premiere elements 3.0 adobe premiere elements 3.0 software makes creating and sharing impressive home videos a snap. burn your footage to dvd in two simple steps complete with a dvd menu and scene index or easily assemble your movie by rearranging clips with drag-and-drop simplicity. share your movies on dvd the web mobile phones and virtually anywhere else. get started quickly with helpful moviemaking options; wow your audience with amazing effects; and show your videos on dvd the web and virtually anywhere else. easily create home videos and dvds using footage imported from any device. zoom in on details of your project or zoom out for an overview of your entire timeline use stop motion capture to create your own time-lapse movies claymations and other animations narrate your stories or enhance them with text graphics and audio roll credits in more than 100 professionally designed templates show your finished movies on virtually any handheld device -- including mobile phones ipods and psp systems delete and edit scene automatically with the timeline create a rich full soundtrack for your video with dolby digital stereo -- up to 99 audiotracks and precise waveform controls advanced multi-threading and hyper-threading technology support helps you edit faster in machines with multiple processors flexible workspace automatically resizes and adjusts to your needs -- no need to click around to open and close panels design custom dvd menus from scratch or choose from dozens of menu templates create scene indexes or chapters for your dvd menu with links that correspond to your video clips for windows xp only adobe 161.73|csdc jc212 spanish 1-2-3 - on hand software spanish 1-2-3 - on hand software csdc 9.99
0|microsoft digital image suite plus [lb] microsoft digital image suite 2006 plus microsoft software 129.95|nintendo ntrpawie hotel dusk: room 215 ds - nintendo ds software nintendo ntrpawie hotel dusk: room 215 ds - nintendo ds software ... nintendo ntrpawie hotel dusk: room 215 ds - nintendo ds software ... nintendo ds software hotel dusk: room 215 ds hotel dusk: room 215 ds take control of an interactive mystery ...  28.99
0|police quest compilation special limited edition with 4 products in one box! product information it doesn't get more real than this.&nbsp; police quest's four action-packedstories throw you instantly into a cop's daily life.&nbsp; investigatehomicides.&nbsp; foil drug rings.&nbsp; track down a serial killer.&nbsp; formerlapd chief daryl gates is on hand with real-world experience. the closest experience to being vivendi games 19.99|roy book binder homespun blues by the book - two-dvd set roy's firsthand knowledge of the great piedmont-style players makes these dvds a must for anyone who loves traditional blues. he demonstrates a wide variety of chords right- and left-hand patterns licks and much more! songs: black dog blues ? hesit  36.67
0|topics presents: ancient civilizations (4 cd set) a dynamic interactive exploration of historical sites and cultures. includes: egypt: voyage to the land of pharaohs exploring ancient cities discovering ancient egypt and ancient civilizations by tom till. bonus includes a free romans map by national geographic. topics entertainment 29.99|apple ilife '06 system requirements * macintosh computer with a powerpc g4 powerpc g5 or intel core processor; 733mhz or faster for idvd * 256mb of ram 512mb recommended * mac os x v10.3.9 or v10.4.3 or later; v10.4.4 recommended * itunes 6.0.2 and quicktime ...  79.99
0|microsoft visual studio team edition for software architect 2005 with msdn premium microsoft visual studio team edition for software architects 2005 with msdn premium enables software architects operations managers and developers to increase the predictability of success during deployment by visually designing service-oriented solutions and validating them at design time against their operational environments. (team edition for software architects can be purchased separately or as part of the visual studio team suite 2005 suite of programs.) team edition for software architects includes the new application designer a visual design surface that helps software architects design configure implement and deploy service-oriented applications. view larger. the application designer allows users to create application diagrams that can be implemented into code at any time. view larger. the deployment designer can be used to validate an application for deployment in a particular datacenter. view larger. team edition for software architects is the first deliverable of the dynamic systems initiative aimed at improving the design and validation of distributed systems and enabling organizations to lower the risk of deployment of enterprise-class distributed systems. team edition for software architects gives architects operations managers and developers the ability to increase the predictability of success by visually constructing service-oriented solutions that can be validated against their operational environments prior to deployment. with team edition for software architects you can keep application design documents synchronized with code at all times design and configure .net web services visually create and manage a living blueprint of an entire distributed system using the first sdm-compatible tool communicate information using a common modeling language and validate design prior to implemenatation to ensure that your distributed application will deploy successfully. visual studio team edition for software architects integrates tightly with the visual studio team system allowing architects to communicate efficiently with all members of the software development lifecycle. creating viewing or assigning work items and sharing artifacts easily among all members of the team is easily accomplished. the distributed system designers treat models as first-class citizens in the development lifecycle and provide a continuously synched view of the code. this trip-less round-tripping ensures that the model remains up-to-date with the code at all times. team edition for software architects offers a rich extensible infrastructure for customers and third-parties to build upon and lets you leverage integrated partner solutions to extend the distributed system designers to provide support for management and deployment of distributed applications. advanced customization features allow you to model new application types or application hosts using the system definition model (sdm) sdk or extend existing sdm models. new distributed system designers integrate seamlessly with the visual studio 2005 ide enabling architects to design implement and validate distributed applications. the logical datacenter designer can be used to create a logical view of your datacenter including logical servers endpoints communication boundaries and pathways. with team edition for software architects you can import iis configuration information from a physical iis server. a scriptable deployment report captures all information required for deployment and the rich extensibility mechanism enables users to create new resources model new application and server types and specify custom settings and constraints. msdn premium subscriptions team edition for software architects includes an msdn premium subscription. an msdn premium subscription provides continuous priority access to the technologies you need to support team edition for software architects and build a broad range of applications and web services including the latest versions of windows server 2003 windows 2000 server windows 2000 professional windows 2000 advanced server windows xp professional edition windows xp home edition and future windows releases. (usage rights are limited to development and testing only.) with the subscription your technical support includes unlimited usage of msdn managed newsgroups for online support with a guaranteed response time of two business days phone-based support incidents and free access to msdn online concierge for nontechnical questions regarding navigation of the msdn site knowledge base article searches and msdn subscriber downloads. also continuously updated technical content is available through the msdn library which offers comprehensive programming information code samples sample applications technical documentation and articles and the microsoft developer knowledge base. microsoft 5479|diskeeper 2007 administrator win up 1-pk - diskeeper corporation - 121771 every computer suffers from factors that degrade their file systemperformance but with hundreds or thousands of workstations on anetwork installing and configuring diskeeper on all of them couldbe a time-consuming task. that is without diskeeper ...  86.33 gbp
0|iview mediapro 2.5  global marketing 199.99|simply put software llc gs905-s - gotta sing (win 95 98 me nt 2000 xp/mac 10.0 or higher) simply put software llc gs905-s : interactive professional voice lessons guaranteed to improve your singing voice. beginner to professional level instruction. system requirements: dvd or dvd rom / pc or macintosh  34.97
0|art text art text is an application to create high quality textual graphics headings logos icons web banners and buttons. the program implements the latest mac os x technologies which allow you to easily modify any texts and vector shapes into a fancy graphic. use the result with iwork microsoft office belight applications and other programs. create more compelling business presentations brochures flyers postcards business cards and web sites with the program. pre-designed styles shapes icon art images shading materials and other advanced visual effects make art text a powerful and intuitive program which is a great example of delivering mac os x technologies to everyone. not only professionals but anyone who wants to make his text work look attractive will find a use for the program. apply shadow and glow effects ability to combine text with background image bend text using 22 adjustable vector transformation shapes or bezier splines ability to export into a file or clipboard in tiff jpeg pdf png or other formats system requirements - mac os x 10.4 or later belight software 49.95|t4396a hp storageworks application recovery manager online backup - license - 1 server hp t4396a : usually ships in 24 hours : : hp storageworks application recovery manager software (apprm) is a solution for backup and recovery of business application data designed to improve the time to recover from an outage.  1215.87
0|mavis beacon teaches typing 17 standard for the past 12 years in a row mavis beacon teaches typing has been the best-selling typing tutorial on the market and has garnered over 15 prestigious awards including the teacher's choice and parent's choice awards. with the mavis beacon teaches typing 17 that tradition is certain to continue with several new and advanced performance-based programs that adjust to your skill level and provide instant feedback on every exercise. polish your typing skills to finish work faster and put yourself on the path to maximum productivity and higher salaries. view larger. exercise your typing fingers with more than 188 practice lessons and 91 custom lessons. view larger. with the information technology economy expanding with no end in sight keeping up with your typing skills is more important than ever. knowing how to type fast and accurately is not a job for just secretaries and data entry personnel any more; writers web developers and professionals in all fields can improve their income potential and value by optimizing their typing speed and accuracy. mavis beacon teaches typing 17 helps you to exercise your typing fingers with more than 188 practice lessons and 91 custom lessons. a truly interactive program mavis beacon teaches typing 17 analyzes your typing patterns and helps you to eliminate bad habits. and to customize your learning experience the software lets you choose the user profile that best suits your abilities including a special kids and teens profile. to help keep young typists motivated the program has 10 arcade-style games that make practicing fun. and now that text messaging has become a staple of modern life typing is no longer limited to the qwerty keyboard! mavis beacon offers practice in both text messaging including the use of truly gr8 shortcuts that will increase your messaging sklz and make you extremely :>). the software also has exercises designed to improve your html coding. an enhanced user interface is compatible with wide screen laptops and leaves your desktop more accessible even while the program is running. and to make typing as fun as possible you can even jazz up your lessons by importing your own mp3 files to listen to while you practice. encore software 19.99|wiley publications book: photoshop cs for dummies photoshop software book: photoshop cs for dummies by deke mcclelland phyllis davis photoshop cs for dummies covers the main features of photoshop - the industry standard software package for image creation correction and enhancement explores the essentials: menu bar ...  24.95
0|faxstf pro mac os 10.3.9 or above faxstf pro serious faxing demands! you can send and receive faxes from any application or use the quickfax widget to instantly create and transmit rush communications. the powerful interface gives you a complete set of tools and shortcuts to make fax management as simple as email! faxstf pro is smart faxing for casual to high-volume fax users. automatically forward incoming faxes to any email address -- receive faxes while on the road! maintain your privacy while letting others use your mac with user switching -- your faxing information will remain only on your profile aladdin systems 49.99|luther vandross yamaha luther vandross - greatest hits - smart pianosoft this innovative software series enables your disklavier mark iii piano to perform with the world's most popular cds! using yamaha's pianosmart technology this companion diskette will magically empower your disklavier mark iii to accompany the ...  18.5
0|3 great games for guys  dreamcatcher interactive 29.99|onone software ice-10770 intellihance pro 4.1 mac/win (buy now and get free cs3 compatibility upgrades) dynamic image enhancement and color correction intellihance pro 4 quickly and dynamically enhances images to make them look their best. compare and print up to 25 professional enhancement variations at once.highlights:^^ quickly and dynamically ... onone software 158.99
0|instant immersion spanish 2.0 instant immersion version 2.0 moves you from a beginner to an intermediate speaker with a 5 cd-rom course of study. topics entertainment 29.99|apple/emagic logic express 7.2 software music production software logic express 7.2 - multitrack digital audio/midi recorder/editor software - intel or powerpc mac especially conceived for price conscious project studios that wish to offer professional quality without using proprietary digital audio hardware logic ...  299
0|agatha christie: and then there were none agatha christie's acclaimed mystery novel has become a movie a play and has even spawned many copycats. you are part of a delicious diabolical situation involving murder with cunning secrets and twisting scenarios cavorting ominously in this clever whodunit. could it be you....that winds up dead? 10 people strangers to each other are invited to a lush estate on an island. through a recording their mysterious host accuses each of his ?guests' of murder and proceeds to exact ?justice.' the tension mounts as one-by-one the number of people are reduced through the ingenious plotting of the unseen killer. prepare to play the video game based on the best selling murder mystery of all time! dreamcatcher interactive 29.99|panda software govt entsec truprevent 10-25u 2yr - ub2pesapra-gov   44
0|middle school success deluxe 2008 middle school success deluxe 2008 is leading-edge learning software that ensures better academic achievement. you'll give your child the lessons and exercises they need for higher grades and test scores. it's endorsed by education experts and covers the full breadth and scope of almost any middle school curriculum. middle school success deluxe guarantees educational achievement for middle school students. topics entertainment 49.99|daceasy(tm) laser/inkjet checks- versions 4.3 and higher guaranteed compatible with daceasy(tm) accounting software 4.3 and higher.crisp clear printing. with your companys name address and stock or custom logo.single-sheet laser/inkjet forms. smooth easy processing through your printer.multipurpose ...  106.29
0|registry mechanic by encore software - marketing information: pc tools registry mechanic will safely scan clean repair and optimize the windows registry with a few simple mouse clicks. now you can improve the pcandquot;s system performance and stability deeply scan and detect any errors and protect the pc from future issues. product information - software sub type: utility - software name: registry mechanic v.5.1 - complete product - features and benefits: - advanced scanning engine - optimizes the pcandquot;s system for maximum operational performance - compacts the registry and remove wasted space and gaps - automatically backups the registry - for added protection registry mechanic can also make a backup of any repairs made so that you can easily recover any changes if required - platform support: pc license information - license type: complete product - license pricing: standard - license quantity: 1 user encore software 46.52|wizoo wizooverb w5 5.1 surround sound room emulator the wizooverb w5 5.1 surround sound room emulator offers unprecedented quality definition clarity and spatial accuracy. combine the authenticity of hdir impulse-based reverb with the flexibility of wizoo's air algorithmic reverb however you'd ...  399.99
0|is3 stopzilla 4.0 [stop spyware pop-ups id theft] stopzilla 4.0 spyware protection - mini box roxio 29.95|mcafee internet security suite 2007 3-user (pc) key features: protect up to three pcs stop viruses block spyware stop hackers secure your identity protect children online...  89.99
0|humorous greeting card factory humorous greeting card factory is a versatile new card design tool that helps you bring your loved ones a laugh! an explosion of creative output is just waiting to happen -- all you need to set it off is humorous greeting card factory! nova development 29.99|allume systems inc - stfmapbx2 - faxstf pro faxstf pro puts robust fax management at your fingertips and streamlines your most serious faxing demands. you can send and receive faxes from any application. system requirements: mac os 10.3.9 or above.  43.36
0|quickbooks pos: pro multistore 6.0 quickbooks point-of-sale pro multi-store 6.0 retail-management software turns any pc into a cash register that does what no ordinary cash register can do: it automatically keeps track of your detailed inventory customers sales orders layaways and employee commissions and tips while you and your employees are ringing up sales in up to 10 different locations. it's a high-powered retail-management system that tracks inventory sales and customer information to help save you time and better serve your customers. pro features not included with pos basic 6.0 include refinements and extras that let you: create special orders for items not tracked in inventory generate purchase orders automatically at preset inventory levels track multiple vendors and upc codes per item track inventory assemblies (kits) and items sold as groups track serial numbers customize price tags receipts and more with the document designer create customizable fields for vendors items and customers track employee sales commissions add shipping charges to receipts capture ship-to addresses create mailing lists and labels track inventory automatically as you ring up sales. view larger. see each customer's purchase history as you ring up sales and suggest additional purchases based on past preferences. view larger. answer a few questions in the simple setup wizard import your inventory customer and vendor lists from microsoft excel or quickbooks financial software and you're ready to start ringing up sales. view larger. transfer key information directly into quickbooks financial software with one click. view larger. create customized reports that help you make better purchasing decisions. view larger. manage up to 10 stores from one location with point-of-sale pro multi-store 6.0 you'll know at a glance how each store is doing as well as your company as a whole. here's how it's designed to work. each store tracks sales customer information receipts of merchandise and merchandise transferred to other stores and sends this information to the headquarters store via e-mail or cd. the headquarters store runs company-wide reports controls inventory and issues purchase orders. and the software makes sure all stores are kept up-to-date with current information of inventories at other locations. it's easy to compare performance across store locations using multi-store reports. and if you use quickbooks financial software (sold separately) you can use class tracking to get a more detailed financial picture of each store. track inventory automatically as you ring up sales see what's selling when it's selling what needs restocking and more. best of all: you can eliminate manual inventory. record each shipment of merchandise you receive and point-of-sale will automatically adjust inventory figures with each sale or return so you can keep the items your customers want on-hand without overstocking. improve cash flow by purchasing the right merchandise in the right quantities at the right time you'll greatly improve your cash flow. see inventory levels for each item as you ring it up. run reports with one click that show what you've got what's hot and what you need to reorder. simplify your closing procedures new to pos 6.0 you can now easily view quantity on-hand and inventory valuation for any historical date you choose. ring up sales faster scan bar codes or type a few keystrokes to accurately add items to sales receipts (bar-code reader sold separately). process credit and debit card transactions and collect tips as you ring up sales. with point-of-sale you can create bar-coded tags for everything you sell ensuring that you ring up the correct item and price--and keep your inventory up to date. authorize credit card and debit card purchases you can authorize credit card and pin-secured debit card purchases automatically--and collect tips on credit payments--as you ring up sales. all you need is a credit-card reader (sold separately) quickbooks point-of-sale and a quickbooks pos merchant service account (for details visit www.quickbooksmerchantservice.com). provide great customer service see each customer's purchase history as you ring up sales and suggest additional purchases based on past preferences. sell and redeem gift cards (for details visit www.quickbooksmerchantservice.com). by tracking your customers' e-mail and shipping addresses you have what you need to let them know about upcoming sales or new inventory from their preferred manufacturers. scan bar codes or type a few keystrokes to add items accurately to sales receipts. view larger. start fast and get help when you need it quickbooks point-of-sale is so easy to set up that many retailers start ringing up sales the first day. just answer a few questions in the software's simple setup wizard import your inventory customer and vendor lists from microsoft excel or quickbooks financial software and you're ready to go. you even get free phone support for 30 days after registration. the first time you connect quickbooks point-of-sale to quickbooks financial software the quickbooks connection wizard walks you through setting everything up correctly. when the two programs are connected you can transfer inventory and sales data from your store to your back office with the click of a button. compatible with other applications import all of your customers vendors and inventory items in one quick step from quickbooks financial software or microsoft excel. save hours of typing each entry by hand. (microsoft word and excel integration requires word and excel 2000 2002 or 2003; outlook synchronization requires outlook 2000 2002 or 2003; all are sold separately. synchronization with outlook is also possible using quickbooks customer manager sold separately.) save hours on bookkeeping transfer sales and customer information employee timesheets sales receipts receiving vouchers and other key information directly into quickbooks financial software with one click. or use quickbooks point-of-sale all by itself. have a question about a tricky transaction? go to the practice file to see how it's done. intuit loads this file with three months of sample data for an imaginary retailer. combine it with quickbooks team quickbooks point-of-sale with quickbooks financial software (sold separately) and you can save time and reduce the risk of errors when performing financial accounting tasks. quickbooks point-of-sale works with any quickbooks pro or premier edition (2004-2007) and quickbooks enterprise solutions (versions 4.0-7.0). when you use quickbooks point-of-sale with quickbooks financial software the two programs work together to handle your business end-to-end--from managing inventory and ringing up sales to tracking finances and running customized reports that help you make better buying decisions. need hardware? save time and hassles with quickbooks point-of-sale multi-store 6.0 retail management software/hardware (bundle) a guaranteed-compatible software/hardware combination that includes pos pro multi-store 6.0 bundled with a receipt printer a cash drawer a bar-code scanner and a credit-card reader. merchant services are optional. for details including a complete list of services and requirements visit www.quickbooksmerchantservice.com. intuit inc. 1399.95|microsoft w87-02380 office sbe 2007 win32 office sbe 2007 win32  400.34
0|isi researchsoft reference manager 11 - single user organize your data using standard windows tools in reference manager. perform key operations across multiple databases. run spell checker and syntax alerting to keep your references accurate - even customize your dictionaries. create multiple links to the web or files on your hard drive. locate references in seconds save search strategies for re-use later and use our synonym editor for authors keywords and periodicals. customize your reference list display and edit records individually or globally. isi researchsoft 299.99|egames. inc casual games pack collection of ten popular and professionally-developed casual games spanning all the favorite casual game genres! system requirements: tbd  16.62
0|my first bible stories combines exciting multimedia technology with great story-telling traditions that have brought bible stories to life for thousands of years. teaches kids reinforces and tests their general knowledge of the bible. dorling kindersley multimedia (dk) 29.95|got game entertainment - exclusive - 00050 - scratches: directors cut scratches is an atmospheric mystery adventure game for the pc brimming with eerie twists and terrifying surprises. set in and around a solitary victorian mansion concealing a terrible secret a long since forgotten story from the past emerges to ...  15.58
0|form workshop 1200 customize your forms to your specific needs product information the complete solution for all of your business and personal form needs. selectfrom 1200 essential forms and letters customize the layout text and graphics or use the full suite of tools to create your own documents from scratch. a new simplified user interface quickly guides you though all of the highly advancedfeatures.&nbs valusoft 29.99|encore software 13891 - tlc millies math learning system 2008 encore software 13891 : encore software tlc millies math learning system 2008 - 13891  17.97
0|ca arcserve bkup r11.5 win client vss software snap-shot- prod only arcserve bkup r11.5 win client vss software snap-shot- prod only computer associates 0|masque 10192 slots from bally gaming slots iii from masque publishing will feature 50 all new slot machines from bally gaming. this product is scheduled to be released on 10/08/02. we will ship it to you as soon as we receive it. slots iii from masque publishing will feature 50 all new ... masque 18.99
0|jaws jaws is a new kind of 3rd-person adventure where you become the deadly ocean predator from the classic movies. driven mad by low-frequency radio waves you'll eliminate the oil drilling crews and their equipment that are responsible for the frenzy-causing emissions. armed with 3000 teeth and powered by 5000 pounds of muscle you will hunt down and annihilate your enemies in an accurate undersea world. over 25 points of disconnection allowing characters and objects to be torn apart by jaws piece by piece follow story-based missions enounter side missions or roam the island area causing havoc majesco entertainment 19.99|ea sports battlefield 1942: deluxe edition (pc) game super fast shipping - platinum reseller ratings - over 12 years in business jump into an all-out raging firefight! from bazookas to battleships a massive arsenal is at your command. prepare to face the enemy in the air.. in the deep.. and on the ...  9.99
0|star wars battlefront (mac) star wars battlefront gives you a chance to play a soldier during the wars in the star wars galaxy. battle for freedom or dominance across 10 unique worlds. use authentic star wars weapons and vehicles -- from x-wings to snow speeders. experience true online chaos as you fight the great battles of the star wars universe! in conquest mode players who capture planets will gain specific advantages over their rivals - adding to the strategic challenge exciting online play for up to 16 players aspyr media 39.99|ce software 4x30eu01up20 quickeys x3 upgrade from 2.0 quickeys x3 is here and more powerful than ever. a redesigned interface new speech application event mouse button & device shortcut triggers public shortcuts improved recording & playback. quickeys x3 is here and more powerful than ever. a ... ce software 29.95
0|stomp inc recover lost data 2005 did your finger ever slip on the keyboard accidentally erasing an important file? this handy software application helps you get that file back. recover lost data gives you the power to restore your lost files with an easy-to-use and intuitive graphical recovery wizard. recover lost data runs directly from a cd or install to to the hard drive. recover lost data's powerful recovery tools find and restore deleted lost or damaged files & folders caused from accidental deletion system crashes power failures viruses corrupted operating systems damaged or deleted partitions hacker attacks formatted hard drives and more. with this program pre-installed in your hard drive it helps retrieve lost data and files that you might have accidentally deleted. can often recover your data when the drive is no longer recognized by windows recovers individual email messages from microsoft outlook outlook express netscape and eudora email clients sophisticated advanced recovery mode can recover data from damaged drives/media works with fat16 fat32 and ntfs file systems supports most ide serial ata scsi raid usb and firewire drives run recoverlost data directly from cd - no installation necessary! flexible search enables you to find individual files that have been lost or accidentally erased analyzes and searches disk clusters to detect any file systems from lost drives and partitions stomp inc 39.95|state standards - grade 8 state standards is everything you need to understand state tests and help your child succeed all in one place! diagnose problem areas improve results and print out progress-monitoring reports. create your own tests to target essential mathematics ...  9.49
0|intervideo dvd copy 5 express dvd copy 5 express gives you fast dvd-copying and file-conversion software. in just three steps you'll copy videos to most popular formats and now directly to your psp or ipod. make 1:1 copies of your favorite films in no time at all. copying movies has never been more simple! corel 29.99|hp t1936aa uao digital sending software 4.0 (10 device license) hp dss 4.0 is the entry-level member of a family of server-based software products that enables paper documents to be incorporated into electronic business processes at the touch of a button. digitized information can be sent securely to network ... hp 369.99
0|adobe illustrator cs3 upgrade [mac] note: this is the upgrade version of adobe illustrator cs3. adobe illustrator cs3 upgrade software allows you to efficiently create sophisticated vector artwork for virtually any medium. access tools quickly and easily explore color variations and share files seamlessly between illustrator and other adobe professional applications as you prepare content for print web and interactive and mobile and motion designs. efficiently create sophisticated vector artwork for virtually any medium. explore new paths with the essential vector tool produce vector artwork for all types of media using adobe illustrator cs3. discover dynamic new ways to explore apply and control color variations; work faster with new drawing tools and controls; and increase your efficiency using new document profiles and the crop area tool. take your graphics to the printed page websites video mobile devices and virtually everywhere you want to go. see for yourself how illustrator cs3 lets you explore new paths. use powerful precise creative tools quickly explore multiple design options with the powerful precise creative features in illustrator cs3. industry-standard drawing tools new color controls and a wealth of powerful effects enable greater creative productivity and the ability to easily experiment. use new live color to explore color harmonies and interactively apply color to any selection of objects. work faster by controlling path editing and point alignment in the control panel. and enhance your artwork with professional typography and transparent effects. work quickly and intuitively efficiently execute your ideas in illustrator cs3. with easier access to tools and options flexible and customizable workspaces and a wealth of timesaving features and shortcuts you can speed through design and production tasks. the enhanced control panel frees up screen space and puts more options at your fingertips while new document profiles provide a launch pad for video and other designs. whatever your final output destination you can create your artwork quickly and easily in illustrator cs3. enjoy tight integration streamline your design workflows by moving easily between illustrator cs3 and other adobe applications. leverage robust integration with adobe flash software for your web animations and preview mobile artwork in adobe device central cs3. use your vector designs as the basis of dvd menus titles and visual effects by moving them easily between illustrator and adobe motion and effects applications. and create reliable adobe pdf files with multiple pages and layers intact for high-quality printed output. audience benefit graphic designers--adobe illustrator cs3 software lets you create compelling vector graphics that remain sharp as you scale edit and output them to virtually any medium. instantly convert bitmaps to vector artwork paint intuitively explore color variations design with advanced typographic control and easily find the tools you need. rely on industry-standard drawing tools and tight integration with adobe photoshop cs3 adobe flash cs3 professional adobe indesign cs3 and other favorite applications to quickly realize your ideas. web and interactive designers--adobe illustrator cs3 software gives you the power to create compelling interactive vector graphics for rich online experiences. tight integration with adobe photoshop cs3 and adobe flash cs3 professional software enables you to easily design layouts and comps using industry-standard creative tools and then smoothly move files between applications for efficient authoring workflows to produce vector graphics that look sharp remain editable and go virtually anywhere. motion graphics and visual effects designers--adobe illustrator cs3 software delivers the tools you need to produce innovative motion graphics and visual effects. integration with adobe after effects cs3 professional adobe premiere pro cs3 and adobe encore cs3 software means you can use small efficient vector files as the foundation for your designs and a wealth of industry-standard drawing tools let you explore creative possibilities with ease. whether you create dvd menus or music videos station identities or special effects illustrator cs3 is an affordable efficient and powerful post-production tool. new in adobe illustrator cs3 live color explore apply and control color variations using live color which lets you select any artwork and interactively edit the colors to see results immediately. use the color guide panel to quickly choose tints shades or harmonious color combinations. adobe flash integration import native adobe illustrator files into flash cs3 professional or copy and paste artwork from illustrator to flash with paths anchor points gradients clipping masks and symbols intact. layers groups and object names are also preserved. drawing tools and controls draw in illustrator more quickly and fluidly than ever. easier and more flexible anchor point selection improved operating performance and a new eraser tool help you create artwork efficiently and intuitively. improved operating performance enjoy more responsive drawing and editing with improved performance in key operations including faster screen redraw object moving panning scaling and transformations. control panel discover more options faster and free up screen space by accessing anchor point controls clipping masks envelope distortions and more from the context-sensitive control panel. eraser tool quickly remove areas of artwork with the eraser tool as easily as you erase pixels in photoshop and enjoy complete control over the width shape and smoothness of the erasure. new document profiles create artwork easily by selecting prebuilt profiles for various types of media and save custom profiles that specify such setup parameters as artboard dimensions styles and color spaces. crop area tool define crop areas interactively for print or export. choose preset web ratios or video formats with safe areas and set crop marks intuitively. define multiple crop areas and easily move between them as needed. isolation mode edit objects in a group without disturbing other parts of your artwork. easily select hard-to-find objects without having to restack lock or hide layers. symbols for flash use symbols to animate repeated objects while keeping file sizes small. define and name symbol object attributes and preserve these properties when you take the artwork to flash cs3 professional for further editing. additional features live trace quickly and accurately convert photos scans or other bitmap images to editable and scalable vector paths using live trace. integration with adobe design applications speed your way through graphic designs and print production thanks to tight integration with adobe photoshop indesign and acrobat software. live paint easily paint any closed or partially closed area of your artwork with the live paint bucket which automatically detects and corrects gaps and lets you interactively select colors from a swatch palette for faster work. advanced typography easily create and control type with over 100 opentype fonts paragraph and character styles paragraph composition underline and strikethrough transparent effects and more. custom workspaces work more efficiently using custom workspaces that display only the panels you need for a specific task. save share or access any workspace at any time or use workspace presets. adobe pdf file creation tools create native adobe pdf files including multipage pdf files so clients and others can easily review your artwork using adobe acrobat or free adobe reader software. web and interactive tools easily create for the web and mobile devices using vector-based slicing tools robust integration with flash new document profiles for web and mobile designs the capability to preview mobile content in adobe device central and more. new document profiles for web and mobile devices select profiles for web or mobile devices that include prebuilt proportional crops symbols and more. save custom profiles for your projects and clients. save for web/mobile easily export using the save for web/mobile dialog box which lets you choose from html swf gif and jpeg formats along with color count compression file size mobile output and more. adobe device central cs3 create rich graphic content for mobile devices by using adobe device central cs3 to open a specific new document profile and then preview output using the save for web/mobile dialog box. integration with adobe motion and effects tools use your adobe illustrator artwork in adobe after effects projects adobe premiere pro video productions and adobe encore projects to create dvd titles animations effects and more. live color for motion and effects use live color to explore apply and control color variations for effects. quickly change colors in your artwork and automatically see the update in adobe after effects or adobe premiere pro software. new document profiles for motion and effects select prebuilt profiles that include video color profiles pixel aspect ratios transparency grids and aperture settings. save profiles with custom parameters. crop area tool for motion and effectsuse the crop area tool to define working areas on your artboard that are specific to your video aperture complete with safe-area guides. adobe 199|ea sports battlefield 1942: deluxe edition (pc) game super fast shipping - platinum reseller ratings - over 12 years in business jump into an all-out raging firefight! from bazookas to battleships a massive arsenal is at your command. prepare to face the enemy in the air.. in the deep.. and on the ...  9.99
0|micromat techtool pro 4 (mac) this is the eagerly anticipated universal binary version of techtool pro that will run on both intel and powerpc-based macs. it fully supports the hardware changes introduced to the macintosh platform with the introduction of the new macintel chipsets. all of the features of the program that were previously available for powerpc based macs are available for intel-based macs as well. this includes the innovative edrive (emergency startup partition) feature of the program found nowhere else. in addition to universal binary support the new release will also include some significant program enhancements including improved disk controller test routines. unlike most application software more than a simple re-compile of the program was required to support the new intel-based macs. because techtool pro works with the computer hardware at the lowest levels it was necessary for micromat to completely re-engineer the software from the ground up. in order to support the new models mac os x 10.4 (tiger) is required to run the program. techtool pro ships on dvd for both powerpc and intel-based macs. the dvd will automatically boot the correct system version. no product comes close to techtool pro for ensuring that all of your hardware and software is operating at peak performance. no other software gives you the peace of mind that comes from knowing that your valuable data is protected by the latest technology. with a single mouse click techtool pro can automatically run a series of sophisticated tests that will troubleshoot almost any problem you are having with your macintosh. micromat 99.99|absolute software - lfl-n2-48 - computrace lojack for laptops - 4 year license computrace lojack for laptops is a software-enabled recovery service that allows law enforcement to recover stolen laptops. if your laptop is stolen and isn't recovered within 30 days we will refund your purchase of lojack for laptops.  105.68
0|instant immersion spanish (audio book) instant immersion spanish (audio book) (audio book) topics entertainment 0|adobe premiere pro cs3 multicore intel processor (adobe onlocation? cs3 is a windows application that may be used on macintosh using boot camp and windows sold separately) mac os x v.10.4.9 1gb of ram for dv; 2gb of ram for hdv and hd 10gb of available hard-disk space ...  825.99
0|nero 7 ultra edition enhanced pc & home entrmnt soln nero 7 ultra edition enhanced now offers both the pc and tv media management experience for a complete solution. with over 18 new and updated applications in one powerful piece of software nero 7 ultra edition is truly the only partner you need for today's digital world. this powerful software can transform your digital photos into professional animated slideshows backup all of your valuable data manage and search your media files edit video or photos create dvds (including menus) stream your files over a media server and compress files to take on the go. beginners and experts alike will be amazed by what one solution can do. now burns data to bd-re and bd-r (blu-ray) media for storing up to 50gb onto a single disc neso usa 99.99|warner home video - games hospital tycoon exclusively on pc manage and maintain the hospital. make sure the patients get cured and thestaff are kept happy. do you have what it takes?  26.33
0|burning monkey solitaire 4.0 burning monkey solitaire brings great solitaire action plus the most monkeys allowed by law! play all your favorite solitaire games like klondike freecell pyramid and 52 pickup -- or try devious new games like osmosis eliminator and four seasons. meanwhile a gang of monkeys are there to help you - mainly by telling jokes & mocking you when you cheat (and sometimes giving you helpful suggestions). the gameplay is fast & fun and the the monkeys will leave you howling. oodles of alternate decks and backgrounds enough jokes to make your head spin download new jokes or share your scores with the world and compete for the top spot multiple easter eggs waiting to be unlocked - you'll wonder why there isn't an easter bunny improved full-screen mode with animated card effects brought to life with a new game engine freeverse software 24.95|aspyr star wars empire at war star wars: empire at war lets players rewrite history while they experience the aftermath of revenge of the sith. set a few years before the events of a new hope the game chronicles the start of the rebel alliance & darth vader's rise to power. ...  47.99
0|insight pwr mgr no media 1ltu information technology professionals rely on hp quality to ensure maximum productivity. as the power of applications processors memory adapters and storage devices increases high-end computer users are seeking ways to optimize their system performance. hp provides leading solutions adding new levels of performance availability flexibility and management. hewlett packard 0|backup exec 10d win adv disk v10.1 e/f/g/s/i/j/c/k full pk backup exec 10dwindows advanced disk backup optionv10.1 e/f/g/s/i/j/c/kfull package product  309.99
0|microsoft asp net web matrix complex web programming is not usually considered a skill that non-programmers can pick up quickly - until now. by learning a few straightforward programming techniques and using the right tools plus this book non-programmers can create cool web applicat microsoft 30|behringer ucg102 guitar link guitar-to-usb guitartousb interface usb interfaces & software ucg102 guitar link - guitar-to-usb interface with included software - mac os x and windows the ucg102 guitar link from behringer is a compact usb 1.1 interface for connecting an electric guitar or bass directly to a computer. the unit includes a 1/4 ...  39.99
0|professor teaches windows xp professor teaches windows xp is your complete guide to everything micrososft's newest operating system has to offer! individual software 19.99|abacus software 5563 abacus 5563 - private pilot ii this new package is a set of exciting light planes that will give you ample room flexibility to not only learn but to master the skills needed by every private pilot. when starting out beginning pilots learn to fly the smaller single-engine ... abacus software 28.99
0|small business server 2003 20u cal addpak user manufacturer: microsoft corporation.manufacturer part number: t74-00004license type: additive licenselicense pricing: standardlicense quantity: 20 user cal microsoft 0|yamaha company - smart pianosoft this innovative software series enables your disklavier mark iii piano to perform with the world's most popular cds! using yamaha's pianosmart technology this companion diskette will magically empower your disklavier mark iii to accompany the ...  18.5
0|pinnacle mobile media converter the pinnacle systems mobile media converter is the perfect tool for people who need to watch video while they're on the go. it's a fast and easy way to convert pc-based video files or non-copy protected dvd movies to digital files. after converting them they can be moved to mobile video devices including the sony psp and apple ipod. it's easy to use too: just select the file or dvd movie you want and hit start. mobile video converter uses high-quality divx technology and is optimized for hyper-threading technology and new generation dual-core processors. pinnacle 29.99|non-functional requirements in software engineering by lawrence chung non-functional requirements in software engineering presents a systematic and pragmatic approach to building quality into' software systems. systems must exhibit software quality attributes such as accuracy performance security and modifiability. ...  258
0|phonics success deluxe 2006 (large box) from learning consonants vowels and their assembly into words phonics is a cognitive approach to reading. using 11 actrivity-based lessons your child can learn to read easily and actually find reading to be fun. it's a great way to stimulate and extend an active approach to reading throughout your child's life. topics entertainment 49.99|software requirements specification design and implementation 9780849319921 software specification and design: an engineering approach proposes a strategy for software development that emphasizes measurement. it promotes the measurement of every aspect of the software environment from initial testing through test activity ...  79.95
0|your desktop post office for pc your desktop post office allows you to print usps postage using your pc printer and internet connection. just a couple of mouse clicks and you have exact postage printed on envelopes shipping labels or paper. you can even print addresses at the same time. plus with the addition of new photo netstamps you can make customized stamps featuring your photos or business logos. handling postage has never been easier. no more trips to the post office no more waiting in line no more expensive postage meters. stamps.com 14.99|microsoft(r) office ultimate 2007 microsoft office ultimate 2007 is designed to give the user whether personal or business the ability to find collect organize and share virtually any type of information while delivering quality results. a new streamlined interface will help ...  539.95
0|cisco 2600xm ser ios ip/fw/ids ( cd26xm-ch= ) available on an extensive range of cisco platforms cisco ios software is a feature-rich network infrastructure software that provides a common ip fabric functionality and command-line interface (cli) across your network. cisco ios software is the delivery vehicle for many intelligent ip technologies and solutions. cisco systems - enterprise 0|sims 2 season expansion pack final system requirements will be set approximately 4-6 weeks to a game?s ship date.  37.99
0|serious magic visual communicator 2.0 web visual communicator 2 allows you to quickly and easily create video presentations that capture attention establish a personal connection with your audience and deliver content like never before. it's easy to implement easy to use and it integrates seamlessly with your existing content. it even gives you the flexibility to create once and then deploy for intranet internet cd-rom and dvd. best of all most users report that it pays for itself the first time used. visual communicator 2 is a simple cost-effective software solution that measurably improves training effectiveness. professional background replacement - the included green backdrop digitally replaces any image graphic or video clip. put yourself in front of a tv-style animation an exotic location or in front of your company's logo or new product. publish your video inside a web page in the graphical theme of your choice - no need to learn html web-page editing visual communicator creates the pages for you and uploads in one click! clip-on mic included serious magic 199.99|webroot software inc 28310 - child safe 3-pc - win 2000 xp vista webroot software inc 28310 : keep your children safe from internet threats webroot maker of the award-winning spy sweepertm now introduces child safe the most comprehensive and easy-to-use solution to keep children safe on the internet. child ...  16.97
0|exceed 2007 with 1yr mnt 1u exceed 2007 w/1yr mnt 1u hummingbird communications 650|lumiquest ultra image plug-in software for photoshop 6.0 and higher with kodak pro 14n and other digital cameras for windows & macintosh adorama camera: please note all software cannot be returned or exchanged. ultra image software is used in conjunction with photoshop 6.0 or higher. whether you are a photoshop novice or seasoned veteran you can create professionally processed ...  59.95
0|reel deal casino quest traditional slots bonus game slots and multi-playvideo poker!product information reel deal casino quest brings the high-paced fastaction of a las vegas casino right to your pc.&nbsp; a wide variety of casinogames each crafted in gorgeous detail.&nbsp phantom efx 19.99|lock on - modern air combat feel the power of commanding a modern jet fighter! filled with intense campaigns realistic flight modeling and flexible game options lock on will provide unlimited game play action to both novice and veteran flight sim fans. includes 20 single ...  7.49
0|spycatcher 2007for pc  avanquest 19.99|microsoft office 2004 standard system requirements: g3 mac os x-compatible processor or higher mac os x version 10.2.8 or later 256 mb of ram 450 mb of available hard-disk space for a recommended install of office; 630 mb for a full drag-and-drop install of office cd-rom drive  369.99
0|retrospect 6.0 desktop mac upgrade retrospect desktop v6.x upgrade for macintosh. contains uac code installs on a desktop can backup 2 other desktops dantz 59.99|advances in machine learning applications in software engineering machine learning is the study of building computer programs that improve their performance through experience. to meet the challenge of developing and maintaining larger and complex software systems in a dynamic and changing environment machine ...  94.95
0|oxford world encyclopedia here is an authoritative stimulating and up-to-date reference work with over 1-1/2 million words and 20 000 entries. oxford world encyclopedia is the first in a series of reference works from oxford university press featuring ifinger's software which allows easy access to electronic reference works. the encyclopedia installs to your hard drive and runs in the background on your pc so you can consult it whenever you want. as you build your library from oxford you build a fully integrated reference source. any ifinger products when installed on the same windows system will search through all installed reference titles with a click of a mouse button or when you roll over a word in the web browser. tri synergy 19.99|peachtree(r) compatible continuous checks-accounting for windows versions 3.5-7.0 compatible with peachtree(r) accounting for windows versions 3.5-7.0 software.  91.59
0|scratches: directors cut scratches is a terrifying story where a story from the past emerges to haunt the present. you control famed horror writer michael arthate as he explores blackwood manor a victorian house near an english market town. it's a quiet and pleasant existance until odd noises in the basement keep him up at night. as they grow louder you'll explore the house and unlock the strange tales that echo through its walls. special director's cut includes: alternate ending and 2 additional hours of gameplay. got game 19.99|apple final cut express hd 3.5 system requirements macintosh computer with 500mhz or faster powerpc g4 or g5 (550mhz for powerbook g4) or intel core duo 512mb ram 1024-by-768 or higher resolution display agp or pci express quartz extreme graphics card mac os x v10.4.6 or later ...  299.99
0|montage (mac) montage 1.0 is the only screenwriting software exclusively developed for mac os x. it melds a simple user interface with powerful and intuitive features -- providing the best possible writing experience. montage makes it easy to create edit and manage screenplays on your macintosh. using it you can import final draft documents use pre-formatted templates for film tv radio and theater. montage guides the first time screenwriter or the seasoned veteran from start to finish. once your masterpiece is complete you can send your query synopsis and scripts to hundreds of included industry contacts through montage's integration with apple's address book. montage backs up any and all activity within the product native support for cocoa universal and accessible smart views allow writers to visually filter the script to the desired content based on criteria mariner software 149.95|encore software 10463 - clickart fonts (2006) by encore encore software 10463 : clickart fonts (2006) by encore - 10463  17.97
0|sega smash pack 2 enhance your game library with 7 classics in one collection! product information enhance your game library with seven must-own classics in one collection! smash pack 2 includes sonic2 flicky kid chameleon super hang-on shining force comix zond and vectorman 2. plus the sega smash pack 2 also includes the super addictive puzzle game segaswirl as an added bonus! features: 7 must-own classics for the pc in 1 exciting game collection sonic's back in sonic2; teach heady metal a lesson with kid chameleon flicky offers fun adventures; exhilarating motorcycle racing in super hang-on sword-fighting fantasy in shining force; escape comic-book world in comix zond defend against enemy 'bots in vectorman 2; bonus: puzzle-game sega swirl product title included enjoy these seven classic hits that never grow old. sonic the hedgehog 2 sonic is back and this time he is accompanied by his trusted pal tails to take on the forces of his evil arch nemesis dr robotnik flicky join the adventures of flicky a fun-loving little blue bird who drives cats everywhere crazy. in this arcade game where you are a bird and your goal is to save the chicks from the cats. super hang on a motorcycle racing game -- the flag is down and you're off to a series of the most exhilarating motorcycle racing you have ever experienced. kid chameleon a side scroller where you are a kid stuck in a video game. kid chameleon the coolest toughest kid in town gives heady metal and his gruesome underlings a taste of their own medicine. shining force a classic strategy rpg -- the legendary epic of mystical darkness is unleashed in this spellbinding sword fighting fantasy of dungeons and castles. comix zone play as sketch turner a street wise comic book artist who gets trapped in the comic book world of his own creation. vectorman 2 the sequel to the side scroller where you are a robot-type man and you shoot your e activision 19.95|netopia sw2510p timbuktu pro remote control software 10 lic for win netopia 586.77
0|best of slots 2 (jewel case) best of slots ii lets you play the most popular slots from the casino. it features the hottest games from bally gaming. actual casino slot action can be found in these authentic replications all playable on your home computer! masque publishing 9.99|xbox games: sega 64031 spikeout xbox  12
0|ibm rational clearcase lt - ( v. 6.0.0 ) - media - vol - passport passport adva  ibm 0|instant immers spanish dlux 2 model- topcd-80692wi vendor- topics entertainment features- instant immersion spanish deluxe v2.0 your first-class journey to a new language is ready to commence with instant immersion spanish deluxe v2.0 the multimedia learning collection on cd-rom ...  36.11
0|your desktop post office for pc your desktop post office allows you to print usps postage using your pc printer and internet connection. just a couple of mouse clicks and you have exact postage printed on envelopes shipping labels or paper. you can even print addresses at the same time. plus with the addition of new photo netstamps you can make customized stamps featuring your photos or business logos. handling postage has never been easier. no more trips to the post office no more waiting in line no more expensive postage meters. stamps.com 14.99|qb pos 6.0 pro solution hw/sw qb pos 6.0 pro solution hw/sw. ships in an unprinted corrugated shipper. intuit 1474.99
0|the print shop elements: labels & logos sb cs by the print shop the print shop elements: labels & logos is the complete and easy logo design and labeling solution! easily create the perfect logo in minutes with this simple yet powerful program. the professionally designed templates are modifiable and can be customized in hundreds of ways. design stylish and functional labels for every element of your business or home from cd & dvd labels to personalized mailing & shipping media storage filing systems & more. coordinate business mailings merge contacts to easily create mailing labels sort contacts for mass mailings import contacts from other programs edit photos in a snap save as pdf you can also create greeting cards calendars newsletters and other projects with the 8 000+ project templates 115 000+ premium images and graphics 200+ avery templates and 200+ fonts. encore software 0|individual software inc systemsuite 8 professional (us pos)   46.42
0|topics presents: ancient civilizations (4 cd set) a dynamic interactive exploration of historical sites and cultures. includes: egypt: voyage to the land of pharaohs exploring ancient cities discovering ancient egypt and ancient civilizations by tom till. bonus includes a free romans map by national geographic. topics entertainment 29.99|software cinema dvd-rom: dvdrom: photoshop cs2 fundamental techniques (training) photoshop software dvd-rom: photoshop cs2 fundamental techniques (training) with julieanne kost software cinema - photoshop cs2 fundamental techniques - learn essential skills that will become a foundation for a creative and efficient workflow. you will gain a ...  159.95
0|cisco 2600xm ser ios ip/fw/ids ( cd26xm-ch= ) available on an extensive range of cisco platforms cisco ios software is a feature-rich network infrastructure software that provides a common ip fabric functionality and command-line interface (cli) across your network. cisco ios software is the delivery vehicle for many intelligent ip technologies and solutions. cisco systems - enterprise 0|firebox x550e gateway antivirus intrusion prevention service 1yr - watchguard -   329.37 gbp
0|ca arcserve bkup r11.1/nw stor area netw (san) opt prod only arcserve bkup r11.1/nw stor area netw (san) opt prod only computer associates 0|encore software 10691 - the print shop 22 sb cs by the print shop encore software 10691 : encore software the print shop 22 sb cs by the print shop - 10691 specifications : manufacturer : encore inc manufacturer part number : 10691  25.97
0|watchguard 1yr subs firebox x5 webblocker ( wg017196 ) model- wg017196 vendor- watchguard features- firebox x5 1 year webblocker subscription watchguard technologies inc 159.9|microsoft r18-00908 windows server 2003 client access license 20-pack (per user) 20 user cals -- authorize more users to access your windows server 2003! now you have the choice of licensing users or devices. this client pack is licensed per user. client access licensingmicrosoft offers flexible cost-effective options for ... microsoft 688.99
0|cluefinders 3rd grade adventures: mystery of mathra an entire year of 3rd grade in one thrillingadventure!product informationwhen exotic animals disappear and a world-famous scientist vanishes thecluefinders know something fishy's afoot. join these bold adventurers on aclue-searching trek into the depths o learning company 0|david bowie yamaha the best of david bowie: 1974-1979 - smart pianosoft this innovative software series enables your disklavier mark iii piano to perform with the world's most popular cds! using yamaha's pianosmart technology this companion diskette will magically empower your disklavier mark iii to accompany the ...  18.5
0|civilization iv dvd-rom (mac) civilization is recognized as one of the greatest game franchises of all-time. now the fun and incredibly addictive strategy game reaches new heights in civilization iv. it has new ways to play and win along with new tools to manage and expand your civilization. civilization comes to life like never before in a beautifully detailed living 3d world -- with all-new easy to use mod capabilities and intense multiplayer modes and options. it's a must-have for gamers around the world! rule throughout time and create your own legacy as you guide your civilization from the dawn of man through the space age and beyond. implement new technologies conduct diplomacy or wage war to grow your society and become the most powerful leader the world has ever known. flexible tech tree allows players more strategic choices for developing their civilizations team play offers a new way of setting locked alliances that result in shared wonder effects visibility unit trading and shared territory over 70 in-game movies and animated sequences advance the story aspyr media 49.99|business cards certificates brochures design professional-looking business cards certificates and brochures with easy-to-use wizard controls. includes 2000 clip art images 1000 high-quality borders and backgrounds 150 templates 750 sentiments and 100 fonts.  19.99
0|intellimover transfer your pc deluxe intellimover deluxe simplifies pc file migration saving you time and eliminating frustration. transfer customized settings preferences data files email and more from an old pc to a new pc -- more easily than you ever imagined. instantly gets your new pc files up and running so you can start working immediately nova development 69.99|abacus software s515 flight simulation sea plane adventures pc sea plane adventures for fs 2002 you better check your floats and pack the life raft! sea plane adventures for fs 2002 you better check your floats and pack the life raft! floatplanes are a unique aircraft that allow you to land on water instead of ... abacus software 28.99
0|sportsman's double play sportsman's double play gives you the very best in fishing and shooting action. it's easy to play and takes you to multiple competitions for fun & practice. fish and shoot in scenic areas alone or compete in a tournament or with a friend. masque publishing 19.95|family tree maker version 16 deluxe (10870) family tree maker version 16 deluxe brand: encore mpn: 10870 variant name: family tree maker version 16 deluxe  57.59
0|apple final cut studio 2 upgrade from final cut pro (mac) final cut studio 2 upgrade from final cut pro delivers an integrated post-production solution that lets you move effortlessly from editing to color grading to creating motion graphics to sculpting audio to multiformat encoding and dvd authoring. this powerful new version features final cut pro 6 motion 3 soundtrack pro 2 compressor 3 dvd studio pro 4 and color the newest member of the suite. editing unleashed final cut studio 2 helps take you beyond mere editing. discover the intuitive power of new creative tools designed expressly for final cut pro editors. rapidly move through editing to motion graphics audio editing and mixing color grading and delivery--all as a natural extension of the work you already do. final cut studio 2 puts a powerful new version of final cut pro at the center of an integrated post-production workflow. final cut studio 2 includes final cut pro 6 motion 3 soundtrack pro 2 compressor 3 dvd studio pro 4 and color--a brand-new application for professional color grading. craft the perfect story using a tightly integrated and innovative suite of products created specifically for video editors. with xml to share project data and quicktime to seamlessly move media between systems final cut studio 2 can fit into virtually any production pipeline or newsroom. it's a final cut world independent filmmakers. hollywood film editors. corporate video and event producers. editors with hourly deadlines cutting broadcast spots or network news. hundreds of thousands of creative professionals all over the world have made final cut pro their first choice for editing. it has rapidly become an industry standard. building on this success apple has designed each application in final cut studio 2 with final cut pro editors in mind. start working quickly with intuitive tools and familiar interfaces. whenever you're ready for precise control a comprehensive set of features is just a click away. the editor's choice final cut studio 2 is fast fluid and flexible. use a laptop on location and a desktop in the studio. start with the tools you already use today and extend your reach when you're ready. final cut studio 2 has everything you need in a single product. edit. use final cut pro 6 for native editing of virtually any format--from dv and sd up to hdv xdcam hd dvcpro hd and fully uncompressed hd. or use prores 422 a new post-production format from apple that offers uncompressed hd quality at sd file sizes. drag clips with different formats and even different frame rates into the new open format timeline. animate. create stunning 2d and 3d motion graphics in real time with motion 3 the fastest and most intuitive way to animate and express your creative vision. just drag and drop to make dramatic particle effects explode into 3d space; form vector-based paint strokes with the swish of a pen. new motion master templates let you edit text and drop in video without leaving final cut pro. mix. record and edit dialogue add music and effects and complete your mix with ease. soundtrack pro 2 lets you work faster than ever in its new streamlined interface. you can even produce in surround sound using innovative visual tools. if you make changes to your edit in final cut pro you can rapidly update your audio mix with the powerful conform feature in soundtrack pro. grade. give your production a signature look or create a consistent feel for shots from different sources. color is the newest member of the final cut studio family offering professional color grading that can elevate the quality of any production. deliver. use compressor 3 to create pristine-quality output for a wide range of delivery formats--including the web ipod iphone apple tv and broadcast servers. a streamlined new interface lets you batch-process encoding with point-and-click ease. if film is your destination use cinema tools 4 to output film lists that combine timecode and keycode in a single list. or use dvd studio pro 4 for professional dvd authoring and mastering. post-production without walls final cut studio 2 is not just a product. it's a platform. open standards encourage innovation giving developers and partners the freedom to create custom solutions. with xml to share project data and quicktime to seamlessly move media between systems final cut studio 2 can fit into virtually any production pipeline or newsroom. whether you're working in a group of 2 or 200 final cut studio lets you collaborate with ease. share media seamlessly across multiple workstations with xsan. use final cut server--with or without xsan--for media asset management and workflow automation that is deeply integrated with final cut studio 2. whether you're cutting commercials editing feature films or pushing out the nightly news final cut server helps you work faster whenever you're working together. final cut pro 6one timeline. infinite possibilities. mix and match source material--both formats and frame rates--in real time using the new open format timeline in final cut pro 6. create exactly the look you want for your projects with the complete set of professional color grading and finishing tools in color. easily create sophisticated 3d environments with depth and realism--with the real-time 3d multiplane compositing tools in motion 3. fly through audio editing and mixing create immersive soundtracks and easily conform audio to video edits using the new streamlined interface in soundtrack pro 2. deliver your best work quickly and easily to virtually any format encoding hands-free on your local mac or across a network of connected mac systems with compressor 3. produce sophisticated fully interactive studio-quality dvd titles with drag-and-drop ease using dvd studio pro 4. the first choice of professional editors worldwide final cut pro 6 delivers high performance digital nonlinear editing native support for virtually any video format and facility-class extensibility and interoperability. its workflow extends through the other final cut studio applications and final cut server for even more power. whether you're working solo or collaborating with a team final cut pro gives you more creative options and technical control than ever before including: broad format support incredible real-time effects comprehensive editing tools expanded power as the hub of final cut studio open extensible architecture colorcolor grading is in the house. color grading involves more than color correction. just as different soundtracks can make a particular scene feel humorous romantic or menacing the look created by a color grade can radically alter the tone and mood of a sequence. color apple's new professional color grading application makes it easy for editors to create signature looks for projects ranging from short video pieces to full-length theatrical films. color offers the following key features: real-time professional color grading dramatic color effects cinema-quality signature looks final cut studio workflows motion 3now playing in 3d. motion 3 takes the complexity out of 3d by extending the 2d tools you already use. with its intuitive interface and rich toolset the only limit is your imagination. send particles exploding through space. swing cameras around an object with breathtaking ease. squiggle a vector-based paint stroke in 3d through the cosmos. motion 3 lets you create 3d motion graphics with drag-and-drop ease startling performance and unprecedented color fidelity. this powerful upgrade to apple's award-winning motion graphics software features: an intuitive real-time design environment flexible animation tools 3d motion graphics done right breathtaking filters and effects numerous time-saving features soundtrack pro 2the next wave in audio post. soundtrack pro 2 offers unprecedented convenience and power to editors. fly through audio editing and mixing with a new streamlined interface that combines the multitrack timeline and waveform editor in a single view. easily create immersive soundtracks with innovative surround sound tools. automatically conform your audio edit to changes made in your video edit. with its familiar interface and intuitive tools soundtrack pro is the final cut pro of audio post-production. key features of soundtrack pro 2 include: streamlined multitrack interface professional editing and dialogue tools intuitive surround sound automatic audio conform process intelligent workflows compressor 3create once. debut everywhere. with increasing demand for media distribution in multiple formats--ranging from hd broadcast to an ipod screen--it's more important than ever to be able to output files efficiently while keeping quality high. the streamlined interface of compressor 3 lets you quickly configure batch processes for encoding to a wide range of industry standard formats. or create format and standards conversions at pristine quality through sophisticated optical flow technology. for the ultimate high-speed workflow set up distributed encoding over a shared-media network powered by xsan. key features of compressor 3 include: streamlined encoding workflow industry-standard encoding support pristine format conversions distributed encoding dvd studio pro 4simply powerful dvd authoring. dvd studio pro 4 makes it easy to extend your creative vision to every aspect of dvd authoring. whether your project is simple or sophisticated you'll enjoy using familiar easy-to-use tools to produce the perfect presentation of your sd or hd content. a comprehensive set of advanced features is available whenever you want more control. key features of dvd studio pro 4 include: intuitive design environment professional authoring tools versatile dvd mastering post-production workgroups collaborate with a small team of editors in a boutique post-production facility. or build a custom workfl ow for a global news network. whether you're sharing a small number of media assets over a lan or supporting hundreds of editors on a san final cut studio makes it easy for everyone to work together. shared media assets small workgroups can share media over a lan or wan by copying assets from a shared volume to a local workstation. for a scalable high-performance shared storage solution final cut studio editors can collaborate over a fibre channel storage area network (san) powered by xsan. with xsan every editor on a project has concurrent access to source media files and never needs to transfer assets between workstations. each mac system accesses shared files on the san as if the storage were directly attached. xsan can support hundreds of concurrent clients and can easily be expanded to provide more storage capacity and bandwidth as your needs grow. asset management and workflow automation meet final cut server apple's powerful new media asset management and workflow automation software. final cut server takes the headache out of managing large collections of media files then extends to tracking job status managing reviews and approvals and automating complex sequences of tasks--all with apple's legendary ease of use and all in a single product designed to work seamlessly with final cut studio. final cut server combines server software designed to run on mac os x with a cross-platform client that runs on either macintosh or windows-based computers. collaborate over a lan or wan with a small number of users or leverage the power of xsan to share media across a large number of workstations. apple 699|adobe 42050106 acrobat distiller svr v6-cd sun 100u acrobat distiller svr v6-cd sun 100u 42050106 adobe adobe 5399.99
0|who wants to be a millionaire? who wants to be a millionaire? brings back the popular game show for a new challenge! let regis philbin test your general knowledge and see if the lifelines help when you're stumped. thousands of questions are waiting for you -- can you answer them all and prove you want to be a millionaire? encore 9.95|yamaha christmas around the piano - intermediate liven up the holidays by playing these 8 super tunes on your clavinova: away in a manger ? deck the halls ? god rest ye merry gentlemen ? hark! the herald angels sing ? the holly and the ivy ? o come all ye faithful (adeste fide  25.77
0|microsoft office 2004 professional (mac) office 2004 professional takes advantage of the powerful mac os x system offering animated buttons sheets dialogue boxes & more. getting your important work done is easy as clicking and going! features the latest versions of outlook powerpoint and word - with great new mac-only features. new presenter tools for powerpoint - tools like the on-screen clock notes pane and thumbnail viewer make changes and adjustments simple entourage 2004 offers improved junk e-mail protection better exchange support advanced three columns and more -- get through your inbox faster than before compatibility reports determine compatibility between projects in windows and mac formats stay in touch with msn messenger for mac work with any native windows application with virtual pc for mac version 7 microsoft 499.99|quicken(r) quickbooks(r) microsoft money(r) and simply money(r) continuous checks use your own pc to write your checks in half the time.easy to use. continuous checks are fanfolded to run smoothly through your printer. pinholes are precision-aligned - will not jam. ncr paper make crisp copies without messy carbons. choose 1- or 2 ...  91.59
0|usa/world extreme landscapes bundle add-on; requires microsoft flight simulator x abacus' usa/world extreme landscapes bundle lets you travel to places that many of us only dream about. there's no better way to fly around the world than with the incredibly detailed simulations available here. includes usa extreme landscapes and world extreme landscapes. abacus 39.95|magix music maker 12 deluxe (pc) magix entertainment key features: compose music play on virtual instruments record your voice arrange into songs...  59.99
0|adobe audition 2.0 upgrade upgrade only; previous version required adobe audition 2.0 gives you professional audio mixing results in real time. record mix edit and master digital audio files with powerful tools that bring flexibility and control to your desktop studio. easily create music produce radio spots and restore imperfect recordings. bring audio and video together using smart integration with adobe video applications. preroll and postroll playback - hear effect additions as you work before committing to changes delete and remove silences between words or sounds import & export to ogg vorbis (ogg) audio files cart chunk editing - save edit and open cart chunk metadata (used by many radio automation systems to catalog and organize audio files) import audition audio files to after effects or premiere pro projects support for over 20 file formats - windows pcm (wav) ogg aiff mp3 wma and others adobe 129|cisco optical services module - multiplexor ds0 & t1/e1 w/4ge  91240.95
0|csi: crime scene investigation csi comes to life on your pc with all the cyber-sherlock holmes appeal fans know and love. the high production value of the game and its faithful adherence to the theme style and sound of the show prove that it is not just a crass attempt to cash in on the csi craze. as you'd expect csi is a mystery adventure game that follows the format of the csi show. you collect evidence head to the lab visit the morgue and so on. you scrutinize the game's screens looking for evidence or areas that may contain hidden clues. you can use luminal to find blood traces you can dust for prints and you can use the sniffer to get gas samples--all are familiar tools and methods used in the show. csi fans will likely intuitively know when and where to use each item while adventure game fans will delight in having such new high tech toys. csi offers five quality storylines each of which would feel at home on the show. while you don't get to fill the shoes of one of the show's well-known characters you do get to work with each of them as you progress along the csi investigative chain. show characters join you to provide hints and help you establish the motive means and opportunity needed to determine and catch the bad guy. fans of the show will forgive the short length of the game and merely adequate graphics just because of the quality storylines use of the real actors and respect shown the license. adventure game fans will also appreciate it even if they'll find it a bit too easy (it's aimed at mainstream fans more than hardcore gamers). csi brings enough true crime class to be of interest to fans and non-fans alike.--andrew s. bub pros: actors from the show voice their characters in the game pays homage and tribute to the show respects adventure game and csi fans equally cons: animation is stiff five mysteries is too few ubi soft 19.99|mike garson screen themes '93 1. theme from ?jurassic park? 2. theme from ?schindler's list? 3. indecent proposal (instrumental suite) 4. the fugitive 5. the pelican brief 6. the heart asks pleasure first (from the motion picture ?the piano?) 7. hea  25.77
0|microsoft powerpoint 2004 (mac) powerpoint 2004 offers you the powerful advanced new tools needed for fantastic presentations. whether it's for business academic or personal needs you'll design dynamic and visual presentations that stand out and get noticed. microsoft 229.99|cd72-ar1k9= cisco ios enterprise/snasw ipsec 3des - complete package - cd cisco systems cd72-ar1k9= : usually ships in 24 hours : : cisco ios (internetworking operating system) software is the platform that delivers network services and enables networked applications.  10576.76
0|national geographic presents: redshift planetarium national geographic redshift planetarium 5 takes you on an interactive journey trhough the star planets and galaxies! using deep-space technology text and illustrations launch you into the stars and teach you about the worlds beyond our own. topics entertainment 29.99|microvision development webexpress webexpress gets you started with dozens of customizable templates so you can create professional looking web sites and be up on the web instantly. take orders right from your web site and sell products globally. post product information upcoming ...  57.52
0|phase one capture one le capture one le is the affordable way to get into professional raw shooting. when you start shooting raw you get better image quality and a more customized workflow. with capture one le you will quickly see gain those benefits of working raw files. renowned for its excellent image quality and efficient workflow tools and easily upgradeable to the more powerful pro edition - this is the software you need for superior digital photography. phase one 0|vivendi-universal games inc - 72305 - world of warcraft 60 day prepaid with the world of warcraft pre-paid game card you can continue your epic quest for 60 days without a credit card. follow the instructions at www.worldofwarcraft.com/gamecard and be up and running in minutes. the world of warcraft game card is a  27.99
0|adobe production studio premium adobe production studio premium the most complete post-production solution available anywhere will bring new power and efficiency to your film video dvd and web work flows. part of the adobe creative suite family this complete audio and video post-production solution combines adobe after effects 7.0 professional premiere pro 2.0 photoshop cs2 audition 2.0 encore dvd 2.0 and illustrator cs2 software with the timesaving workflow features adobe dynamic link and adobe bridge. take a tour of adobe production studio premium. thanks to adobe dynamic link you can incorporate after effects motion graphics title sequences and visual effects into your adobe premiere pro timeline without rendering. encore dvd 2.0 includes hundreds of professionally designed menu templates with placeholders for text and graphics for fast easy creation of great-looking dvds. conveniently preview after effects animation presets and templates in adobe bridge. edit multiple-camera shoots quickly and easily with premiere pro 2.0. view multiple video tracks from a multicam shoot and edit by switching between tracks in real time. create compelling motion graphics and blockbuster visual effects with efficiency precision and infinite variety using the industry standard: after effects 7.0. enjoy rapid response as you record and mix with the new powerful low-latency mixing engine in audition 2.0. increased productivity from adobe integrationenjoy enhanced and unprecedented integration among adobe production studio components. for example after effects adobe premiere pro encore dvd and illustrator feature native photoshop file support; after effects and adobe premiere pro share compositions and timelines; after effects and adobe premiere pro feature common effects; and software components feature copy-and-paste and drag-and-drop compatibility as well as edit original functionality. thanks to standardized user interface elements throughout production studio -- such as workspace panels that dock and group custom workspaces and common commands tools and keyboard shortcuts -- you can get up to speed quickly and work efficiently. this unified design environment translates into improved efficiency and increased productivity. a suite of advanced post-production applications production studio premium features several industry-leading post-production applications to build advanced video and web effects. after effects 7.0 can help you create compelling motion graphics and blockbuster visual effects with efficiency precision and infinite variety while premiere pro 2.0 delivers the flexibility and power you need to bring a new dimension to your film video and web productions. whether you're working with hd hdv sd or dv the software's superior performance and a complete toolset let you work faster and more creatively to deliver the quality work you and your clients demand. enjoy greater precision and control when preparing images for use in film video and dvd productions with adobe photoshop cs2. for instance you can take advantage of new features such as 32-bit high dynamic range (hdr) color support and vanishing point which enables you to edit in perspective. adobe audition 2.0 the all-in-one toolset for professional audio production delivers the flexibility and control you need to produce great soundtracks for any project. another example of the many benefits of adobe integration can be found with encore dvd 2.0 which lets you create full-featured menu-driven dvds for feature films business communications training events and more. and with adobe illustrator cs2 you can create editable and scalable vector artwork for your film video and web productions in adobe illustrator cs2 software now with advanced painting drawing and type tools. adobe dynamic link eliminates delays for rendering -- an exclusive adobe production studio feature. you can use after effects compositions in adobe premiere pro and encore dvd projects with no intermediate rendering. edit a composition in after effects and view your updates instantly in the other production studio components. organize and browse content files and then drag and drop them from adobe bridge into your film video audio and dvd productions. search sort and edit xmp metadata info and preview scalable thumbnails of video and images as well as audio files. high definition support and flash integration production studio premium lets you work with hd at all popular resolutions and frame rates to achieve the highest standards in the industry. production studio supports hd hdv sd and dv formats. you can also choose the right macromedia flash format to encode your video and audio files for optimal web viewing. simply export directly from after effects as swf for vector-based animations or from adobe premiere pro and after effects to flv for live-action video. adobe 1699|autodesk 3ds max 9 - 3d animation software for windows animation software 3ds max 9 - 3d animation software for windows 3ds max 9 from autodesk is a powerful 3d animation software suite for windows. the software allows you to create rich and complex 3d designs. this makes it an ideal choice for game developers design ...  3494.5
0|oxford world encyclopedia here is an authoritative stimulating and up-to-date reference work with over 1-1/2 million words and 20 000 entries. oxford world encyclopedia is the first in a series of reference works from oxford university press featuring ifinger's software which allows easy access to electronic reference works. the encyclopedia installs to your hard drive and runs in the background on your pc so you can consult it whenever you want. as you build your library from oxford you build a fully integrated reference source. any ifinger products when installed on the same windows system will search through all installed reference titles with a click of a mouse button or when you roll over a word in the web browser. tri synergy 19.99|babnbr1111s05 brightstor arcserve backup tape library option for netware w/sp1 - ( v. 11.1 ) - computer associates international babnbr1111s05 : usually ships in 24 hours : : brightstor arcserve backup tape library option leverages the tape library capabilities of brightstor arcserve backup to deliver flexible automatic tape library ...  643.42
0|adobe creative suite cs3 web standard upsell note: this is the upsell version of adobe creative suite 3 web standard. adobe creative suite 3 web standard upsell software is the basic toolkit for web designers and developers. it offers all-new versions of fundamental tools for creating and maintaining interactive websites applications and mobile device content. prototype your projects design assets and build and maintain professional web experiences. flash cs3 professional for interactive design dreamweaver cs3 for web design and development acrobat 8 professional for adobe pdf workflows easily maintain the final project with adobe contribute cs3 build your prototype with adobe fireworks cs3 streamline web design development and maintenance adobe creative suite 3 web standard software is the basic toolkit for web designers and developers. it offers all-new versions of fundamental tools for creating and maintaining interactive websites applications and mobile device content. prototype your projects design assets and build and maintain professional web experiences. get the fundamental tools move from concept to completion with adobe creative suite 3 web standard software. design assets and build your prototype with adobe fireworks cs3 software. bring your project to life with adobe dreamweaver cs3 and adobe flash cs3 professional the preferred web design and development tools. easily maintain the final project and integrate user-generated content with adobe contribute cs3. creative suite 3 web standard combines the fundamental web tools all in one place. discover intelligent integration take advantage of tight integration between your core tools so you can forget the software and focus on the project. roundtrip editing between adobe fireworks cs3 flash cs3 and dreamweaver cs3 ensures a fluid workspace that makes it easy to move and modify assets. improved css support allows you to start your css in fireworks and easily transition to dreamweaver. dreamweaver and contribute offer improved rendering compatibility as well as new flv tools that accelerate video integration. enjoy the latest workflows use the integrated tools in creative suite 3 web standard to refine your current skill set while expanding into exciting new techniques and technologies. catch the wave of online video with sophisticated web video tools or explore new opportunities in mobile content design. reach into development with the spry framework for ajax and new actionscript 3.0 language for flash. with creative suite 3 web standard the future is yours. visually manage assets in adobe bridge test mobile designs in adobe device central top new features of adobe creative suite 3 latest versions of the best tools get the newest releases of the industry's favorite tools for web design and development. adobe creative suite 3 web standard software offers innovative new features and advanced integration across adobe dreamweaver cs3 adobe flash cs3 professional adobe fireworks cs3 and adobe contribute cs3 software. high-productivity tools turbo-charge the web design and development process. roundtrip editing between fireworks flash and dreamweaver enables speedy prototyping graphics creation and optimization. move css layouts from fireworks to dreamweaver. use contribute with dreamweaver for controlled user-based web maintenance. emerging technologies prepare for the next generation of web technology while applying best practices. create dynamic user interfaces with css and ajax add flash video incorporate new standards-based user elements and support user-generated content for dynamic experiences. creative flexibility flow through the design process quickly with new flash creative tools such as the pen tool for better control shape primitives for easily creating unique shapes and new filter effects. use advanced video exporting and encoding to create high-quality video experiences. actionscript 3.0 development go farther with actionscript 3.0 the high-performance object-oriented programming language for adobe flash player. convert animations to actionscript and explore a whole new world of customization using the rich language api libraries and expansive community support services. rapid prototyping mock up css designs in fireworks with speed and ease. a common library contains prebuilt easily accessible objects such as forms browser and os elements. apply reskinnable color weight and font elements. move designs into flash and dreamweaver or leverage an extensible api. easy web maintenance free yourself from simple web edits. with contribute cs3 enable individuals or workgroups to easily edit and publish content to websites and blogs from a controlled permissions-based application or from within microsoft applications. mobile content authoring use adobe device central cs3 to design develop preview and test content for a wide range of mobile and consumer devices. easily showcase your work in numerous mobile device skins through built-in and regularly updated device profiles. browser and platform compatibility ensure your experience is consistent across any operating system browser or platform using the new browser compatibility check in dreamweaver and the adobe css advisor website an invaluable source of user-contributed insight on css issues. macintosh or windows pick your platform. creative suite 3 web standard is available for mac os--including intel based macintosh computers--windows xp and windows vista. design in your preferred platform and then deliver across platforms with consistent results. additional features powerful integration leverage integrated workflows that enable fast efficient exchange of assets so you move from design to delivery efficiently. roundtrip editing between fireworks flash and dreamweaver enables speedy prototyping graphics creation and optimization. import files from other adobe creative tools. professional interactive design discover the powerful expressive flash authoring environment. add life to graphics with acclaimed animation tools high-quality text rendering filters and other effects and the popular flash video tools complete with alpha channel support and batch rendering. latest technologies and standards keep pace with evolving technology and standards. design with css and xml; integrate with development environments like html xhtml xml adobe coldfusion asp asp.net jsp or php; test content across myriad browsers and operating systems; and prepare for the new internet protocol version 6 (ipv6). best practices easily apply best practices of web design and development. create consistent css-based designs with the css layout and visualization tools in dreamweaver. drag and drop an xml feed onto a web page. use the industry's first integrated tool for section 508 and wcag priority 2 checkpoints. produce for today and tomorrow whether you're updating a website to support the latest standards and technologies integrating interactive video migrating to css-based designs conforming to accessibility governances or experimenting with mobile content development creative suite 3 web standard lets you get it done today yet scales to support new web or device projects in the future. adobe creative suite 3: what's in each edition? adobe creative suite 3 editions design premium design standard web premium web standard production premium master collection adobe photoshop cs3 extended adobe photoshop cs3 adobe illustrator cs3 adobe indesign cs3 adobe acrobat 8 professional adobe flash cs3 professional adobe dreamweaver cs3 adobe contribute cs3 adobe fireworks cs3 adobe after effects cs3 professional adobe premiere pro cs3 adobe soundbooth cs3 adobe encore cs3 adobe onlocation * adobe ultra cs3 * additional features and services in adobe creative suite 3 adobe bridge cs3 adobe version cue cs3 adobe device central cs3 adobe dynamic link adobe stock photos adobe acrobat connect * adobe ultra runs on microsoft windows only. for macintosh users adobe onlocation requires bootcamp and windows (purchased separately) or a separate windows-based computer. adobe 799|palo alto software mpd9 - palo alto marketing plan v.9.0 pro - complete product - business planning - 1 user - complete product - standard - pc palo alto software mpd9 : marketing plan plan pro is the 1 selling marketing planning software providing everything you need to produce a profession marketing plan that gets results. cd-rom enclosed (no cd-rom with download only orders.) system ...  149.97
0|kaplan sat/act/psat express kaplan has helped more than 3 million students score higher on admission exams and - get into the nation's top colleges and universities. our effective program of practice review and test-taking strategies has made higher score sat act psat the bestselling test prep software brand. kaplan is the nation's 1 test prep company for a reason-results! kaplan's powerful approach combines personalized instruction with realistic practice and score-raising strategies. with this in-depth program you'll unlock the tests and get the high score you need to get into the college you want. diagnose take a diagnostic exam to determine test strengths and weaknesses. target focus your prep and build skills with a personal study plan. practice practice practice and practice again with realistic exams and quizzes. improve build confidence and speed with kaplan's score-raising test strategies. disc 1: higher score on the sat & psat in-depth sat and psat content review drills strategies and practice tests designed to help raise your score: analysis of math critical reading & writing skills extensive math critical reading & writing tutorials printable vocabulary lists and flashcards games & activities to improve response times complete performance analysis by question type topic technique time spent-including whether or not you're changing correct answers to wrong ones! full-length new sat and psat tests section tests for critical reading math and writing disc 2: higher score on the act thorough act content review drills strategies and practice tests designed to help raise your score: broad content review in english math reading & science complete discussion & review of each question type section-length practice tests covering english math reading & science full-length practice tests for the act windows system requirements: processor type - intel pentium ii processor processor speed - 300mhz oper topics entertainment 9.99|zonealarm wireless security 2005 detects and secures wireless and wired network connections. designed specifically for mobile users zonealarm wireless security seamlessly protects laptop pcs against hackers worms and identity theft.  9.95
0|vegas 6 for pc sony media software vegas 6 sony pictures home entertainment 599.99|steve kaufman homespun bluegrass guitar solos that every parking lot picker should know (series 4) this set of six one-hour cds plus a 136-page book teaches beginning intermediate and advanced versions of 20 great traditional instrumentals. steve includes rhythm tracks for a fantastic practice session. includes music and tablature.  51.21
0|upgrade emc retrospect 7.5 multi server windows only upg emc retrospect 7.5 multi cromserver windows only dantz 0|microsoft office accounting professional 2007 (pc) key features: manage your finances quickly imports data expenses bills banking easy to learn and use streamlines repetitive tasks sales quotes invoices...  229.95
0|math missions: the amazing arcade adventure grades 3-5 save spectacle city by disrupting randall underling's plan to drive all the stores out of business and take over the city. solve real-world math challenges in the uniquely entertaining stores and make theme successful again. scholastic 19.99|edelbrock 91140 thermocouple compression fitting for qwikdata edelbrock 91140 thermocouple compression fitting for qwikdata edelbrock 91140 egt probe compression fitting replacement steel fitting to be used when removing and egt probe or replacing an exhaust header. includes: ferrule and 1/8in npt compression ...  28.39
0|netmanage upg rumba unix-hp edition level ( 902453-007-c ) upg rumba unix-hp edition level a 1-4 units netmanage 0|encore inc math advantage 2008 math advantage? 2008 was specially developed to supplement classroom curriculum by including great award-winning content that support state standards. in-depth lessons with sample problems and questions teach reinforce and track student pr  33.89
0|nero 7 ultra edition enhanced pc & home entrmnt soln nero 7 ultra edition enhanced now offers both the pc and tv media management experience for a complete solution. with over 18 new and updated applications in one powerful piece of software nero 7 ultra edition is truly the only partner you need for today's digital world. this powerful software can transform your digital photos into professional animated slideshows backup all of your valuable data manage and search your media files edit video or photos create dvds (including menus) stream your files over a media server and compress files to take on the go. beginners and experts alike will be amazed by what one solution can do. now burns data to bd-re and bd-r (blu-ray) media for storing up to 50gb onto a single disc neso usa 99.99|sibelius sibelius 5 software music production software sibelius 5 - software for writing playing printing and publishing music notation for mac os x and windows sibelius 5 from sibelius is a fully featured and complete software solution for writing playing printing and publishing music notation. from ...  449.95
0|adobe creative suite cs3 production premium upgrade note: this is the upgrade version of adobe creative suite 3 production premium. maximize your productivity with adobe creative suite 3 production premium upgrade software the total post-production solution available for both mac and windows. tighter-than-ever integration between adobe's all-new video audio and design tools--now including adobe flash cs3 professional software--offers a smooth workflow from concept to delivery. reach the widest possible audience by delivering content to film video dvd blu-ray disc the web and mobile devices. photoshop cs3 extended for new dimensions in digital imaging illustrator cs3 for powerful vector graphics creation flash cs3 professional for creating rich interactive content adobe premiere pro cs3 for capturing editing and delivering video adobe encore cs3 for preparing dvd titles adobe after effects cs3 professional for industry-standard motion graphics and visual effects put ideas in motion with the total post-production solution produce visually innovative work faster and more easily with new adobe creative suite 3 production premium software for mac and windows. audience benefit corporate and event videographers--you only have one chance to capture that critical shot and with small crews and tight deadlines you need to work fast for clients who demand high production values. adobe creative suite 3 production premium combines the latest versions of adobe's video audio and design tools allowing you to capture events directly to disc; work fast with precision editing tools; create blockbuster effects with adobe after effects cs3 professional and photoshop cs3 extended software; create and match audio to your visuals with adobe soundbooth software; and deliver content however your clients need it whether on tape dvd or blu-ray disc the web or mobile devices. unmatched integration and productivity tools allow you to move quickly between applications keeping you on schedule without sacrificing high-quality results. motion graphics professionals--for visual effects creation motion graphics and compositing you need to meet tight deadlines for clients who expect the highest quality productions. adobe creative suite 3 production premium helps you deliver results using the industry's leading motion graphics tool adobe after effects cs3 professional software tightly integrated with adobe photoshop cs3 extended illustrator adobe premiere pro and other components to enable maximum flexibility and performance. create multilayered composites rich animation and high-quality graphics for films television commercials bumpers and promos as well as for dvd or online content within the fluid unified environment of production premium. independent filmmakers--your passion is storytelling. your challenge is finding the right software to handle every aspect of the production process and deliver high-quality results. adobe creative suite 3 production premium helps meet this need with a complete toolset combining the latest versions of adobe's industry-leading software components for capturing footage directly to disc performing nonlinear video and audio editing producing motion graphics and visual effects authoring to dvd and outputting content as flv or swf files for the web and mobile devices. tell your story with stunning impact to the widest possible audience with production premium. visually manage assets in adobe bridge test mobile designs in adobe device central coordinate with team members using adobe version cue host real-time web-based meetings with adobe acrobat connect educators--adobe creative suite 3 production premium is a total post-production solution combining full new versions of adobe's world-class design and graphics tools. with production premium you can work with every aspect of visual design animation video film and disc production cost effectively and via a single integrated interface. create promotional materials such as websites that feature video content prepare students for working with a wide range of file formats on both windows and mac platforms and deliver your work across multiple media types. interactive designers--integrating video into interactive projects is increasingly part of authoring rich engaging experiences whether for a dvd an interactive display websites or emerging mobile markets. adobe creative suite 3 production premium offers all the essential tools needed for interactive authoring including new releases of adobe photoshop illustrator after effects and flash software. save time as you work fluidly between after effects and flash generating sophisticated graphics and animations for your interactive projects. top new features in adobe creative suite 3 production premium new adobe after effects cs3 professional take advantage of innovative new features in adobe after effects cs3 professional such as shape layers for flexible drawing and animation of vector shapes; the puppet tool an intuitive new approach to shape animation; and brainstorm to quickly experiment and refine designs using parameters you define. new adobe premiere pro cs3 and adobe onlocation cs3* (windows version) make every phase of video production more efficient with adobe premiere pro cs3 as well as adobe onlocation cs3* (formerly the award-winning dv rack hd now included in the production premium box) a powerful set of direct-to-disc recording and on-set monitoring tools to help produce high-quality video footage while shooting with an sd or hd camera. achieve dramatic effects using improved slow motion with variable speed control in adobe premiere pro cs3. new adobe photoshop cs3 extended and illustrator cs3 enhance your video productions with the highest quality images and vector illustrations. with adobe photoshop cs3 extended use new video layer support to edit and paint your video frame by frame or clone between frames. illustrator cs3 provides new document profiles for video with safe areas specific to your output. now with adobe cs3 flash professional market your services through your own rich interactive website using adobe flash cs3 professional. work in flash using a familiar adobe interface and familiar video workflows. export flash video with cue points from after effects adobe premiere pro and adobe soundbooth and move animations easily between after effects and flash. innovative new adobe soundbooth cs3 for audio designed for creative professionals adobe soundbooth cs3 delivers focused tools to quickly accomplish everyday audio tasks--even if audio production isn't your specialty. fast and intuitive soundbooth makes it easy to remove noise from recordings polish voice-overs customize music and sound effects to fit a production and much more. new adobe encore cs3 author once and then output to multiple media types. use a familiar adobe interface to author a single encore cs3 project and then export to standard-definition dvds high-definition blu-ray discs and interactive dvd-style swf-based experiences for immediate use on the web. extensive integration for exceptional productivity tighter-than-ever integration between photoshop and after effects and between after effects illustrator adobe premiere pro encore soundbooth and flash streamlines your workflow making it easier than ever to move projects and files between component applications and work with a common user interface. in addition adobe bridge offers new file type support and metadata previews. available for mac and windows work on the platform of your choice. adobe creative suite 3 production premium is now available for both mac and windows and is supported by a broad selection of books training materials third-party plug-ins and leading industry partners including the openhd partner alliance. expanded output options including video for mobile phones reach a broader audience using a wider range of formats and devices. use the adobe media encoder to export 3gp and h.264 video for mobile phones ipods and psp systems and other mobile devices from after effects adobe premiere pro and soundbooth. preview the results for supported mobile devices using adobe device central cs3. use adobe encore cs3 to author dvds high-definition blu-ray discs and interactive dvd-style swf-based experiences. quick effective keying with new adobe ultra cs3 transform keying into a practical daily production tool for all types of video projects with adobe ultra cs3 software. create highly realistic background composites with drag-and-drop simplicity even from marginal video sources and customize hundreds of virtual sets included in master sets library 1 a collection of virtual sets with alternate angles motion tracking and scaling to put your subject in the set not just in front of it. output in broadcast quality to a wide range of advanced file formats. improve efficiency and incorporate a tapeless workflow during shoots by using adobe onlocation cs3 to monitor your camera's video signal and record it directly to a computer hard drive. adobe soundbooth cs3 for creating and editing audio quickly and intuitively additional features future-ready tools for delivery of video content anywhere meet today's production demands and tomorrow's challenges head on. broad support for leading standards and formats an open approach to hardware and platform support a rich ecosystem of plug-ins and other third-party solutions and the ability to deliver video content to new types of devices--from mobile to blu-ray disc--give you a competitive edge. no more intermediate rendering thanks to adobe dynamic link enjoy greater freedom to experiment with new ideas without having to wait for intermediate rendering. exclusively available in production premium adobe dynamic link allows you to edit a composition in after effects and view your updates instantly in adobe premiere pro and adobe encore. engaging online experiences leveraging new adobe flash cs3 use the industry's most advanced interactive authoring environment to integrate your video content into uniquely engaging websites presentations and mobile content. export layered vector animations from after effects to flash import swf files as vectors into after effects and encode flv files with cue points from after effects adobe premiere pro and soundbooth. compositing and animation with new adobe after effects cs3 professional innovative new features make the industry standard even more essential. adobe after effects cs3 software offers new shape layers for drawing and animating vector shapes an intuitive new approach to shape animation using the puppet tool new integration with flash and photoshop and dramatically improved performance so you can maintain your creative momentum. real-time editing with new adobe premiere pro cs3 adobe encore cs3 and adobe onlocation cs3* (windows version) now available for mac and windows adobe premiere pro cs3 software offers scalable efficient and flexible nonlinear video editing with improved slow-motion capabilities and delivery options. support for hd hdv sd and dv gives you the flexibility to deliver high-quality work. use encore cs3 to create full-featured menu-driven standard-definition dvds high-definition blu-ray discs and interactive dvd-style swf-based experiences for immediate use on the web. in windows enjoy new direct-to-disc recording and on-set monitoring tools to help produce high-quality video footage with adobe onlocation cs3. image editing and graphics creation with adobe photoshop cs3 and illustrator cs3 integrate images and graphics for use in your productions. with adobe photoshop cs3 extended use new video layer support to edit and paint your video frame by frame or clone between frames. use advanced drawing texturing coloring tracing and typography tools to create vector artwork with adobe illustrator cs3 software. fast intuitive audio editing and creation with adobe soundbooth cs3 adobe soundbooth cs3 lets you take command of your audio in film video or flash projects with convenient task-based tools that make high-quality audio production more efficient even if audio production isn't your specialty. video production and preview for mobile devices use the adobe media encoder in after effects adobe premiere pro and soundbooth to export 3gp and h.264 video for mobile phones ipods and psp systems and other mobile devices. preview the results for supported devices using adobe device central cs3. *for macintosh users adobe onlocation requires boot camp and windows (purchased separately) or a separate windows based computer. adobe creative suite 3: what's in each edition? adobe creative suite 3 editions design premium design standard web premium web standard production premium master collection adobe photoshop cs3 extended adobe photoshop cs3 adobe illustrator cs3 adobe indesign cs3 adobe acrobat 8 professional adobe flash cs3 professional adobe dreamweaver cs3 adobe contribute cs3 adobe fireworks cs3 adobe after effects cs3 professional adobe premiere pro cs3 adobe soundbooth cs3 adobe encore cs3 adobe onlocation * adobe ultra cs3 * additional features and services in adobe creative suite 3 adobe bridge cs3 adobe version cue cs3 adobe device central cs3 adobe dynamic link adobe stock photos adobe acrobat connect * adobe ultra runs on microsoft windows only. for macintosh users adobe onlocation requires bootcamp and windows (purchased separately) or a separate windows-based computer. adobe 799|h&r block taxcut home and business with state e-file efile and sage act! 8 - win tax & finance software taxcut home and business with state e-file and sage act! 8 software for windows the taxcut home and business with state e-file and sage act! 8 software from h&r block is a tax preparation program that gives you the tools necessary to prepare and ...  73.95
0|systemsuite 8 professional  individual software 49.99|reader rabbit preschool overview reader rabbit and sam the lion are on a sparkly adventure! the land of sparkalot has lost its shine and needs your help to re-sparkle everything from the stars to the flowers. your pre-reading counting and matching skills could save the ...  17.9
0|finale 2007 academic (win/mac)  emedia 350|jungle software gorilla pro 4.0 film production power pc g3 or intel processor 256mb ram 512mb recommended 400mb available hard disk space macintosh os x 10.2 and above monitor capable of 1024x768 screen resolution  359.99
0|route 66 route canada (french) door to door route planning for canada and the us. over 4 000 000 points-of-interest more than 11 500 000 kilometers of road over 75 000 000 house numbers over 6 500 000 streets gps-compatible multi-lingual user interface including french system requirements: power macintosh with mac os x 10.1 powerpc 400 mhz processor 128 mb ram 2.38 gb free hard disk space cd-rom drive 256 colors at 800x600 pixels format: mac 10.1 or higher csdc 0|zipmagic personal edition access anything zip everything - even photos! compress photos compress jpeg images strong 512-bit encryption safeguards privacy and much more!  8.95
0|microsoft upg win small business svr cal ( t74-01215 ) microsoft windows small business server cal 2003 english version upgrade microsoft license pack cd 5 client add pak user cal microsoft corporation 330.14|madeline rainy day activities bonjour! it's far too cold and wet to play outside- but don't worry- madeline is here! there are lots of fun things to do in madeline's room. you can make a mask create a silly story paint a masterpiece and more! skills covered: reading shapes ...  9.95
0|punch super home suite 3.0 super home suite combines seven programs for interior and exterior home and landscape design in one package. super home suite includes 3d home design 3d landscaping estimating autoframing floorplan trace 3d furniture design and realmodel. use 3d home exterior & interior design to view your home in thousands of subtle paint color choices or design walk-out basements and split-level designs with the slope tool. when you're ready to landscape your home design just add your plantings to your existing file. the software lets you landscape without redrawing your house plan. your results are rendered in high-resolution 3-d complete with shadows just like a photograph.design the perfect deck for your home plan with ultimate deck. multilevel or multistory decks with 3-d photorealistic textures stairs railings object placement and color capabilities give you the ability to design exactly the deck you want. deck wizards walk you through railings baluster options and more. and create objects from scratch or modify furniture from the included library. change colors fabrics patterns textures and more then use your creations to furnish your home plan. and get an idea of what your finished home will look like with the autoframing and realmodel software. punch! software 49.99|instant play electric guitar express (jc) with instant play electric guitar you've got a complete interactive approach to playing the electric guitar in any number of styles! learn to read the standard musical notation and tablatures clear easy-to-follow instructions explain how each ...  12.9
0|ntrack anti-theft by synet electronics ntracker anti-theft by synet electronics win 98 me 2k xp global marketing partners 0|backyard skateboarding join the backyard kids and andy macdonald in a quest to win the backyard ultimate skatepark! the backyard kids' neighborhood skatepark is in bad shape! get ready to enter the backyard skate tour and take on pro skater challenges in the neighborhood ...  7.95
0|photoshop elements 5 and premiere elements 3 bundle win minibox (29180248) - marketing information: photoshop elements 5.0 plus premiere elements 3.0 software combines two powerful yet easy-to-use products to deliver the most complete photo and video editing solution. entertain friends with unique cinematic slide shows and dramatic freeze-frame effects create personalized dvds and easily share on the web. product information - software sub type: multimedia authoring - software name: photoshop elements v.5.0 plus premiere elements v.3.0 - complete product - features and benefits: combine photos and videos in entertaining new ways: - put photo slide shows in motion - do more with individual video frames - include treasured memories in your videos bring out the best in your photos: - instantly fix common flaws or perform advanced editing - show photos in creative entertaining ways - easily find and view your photos and video clips bring your home videos to life: - get started quickly creating home videos and dvds - wow your audience with amazing effects - share your videos virtually anywhere - language support: international english - platform support: pc license information - license type: complete product - license pricing: standard - license quantity: 1 user miscellaneous - compatibility: adobe premiere elements import/export formats supported: - mpeg-1 - mpeg-2 - mpeg-4 - h.264 - dv - avi - windows media - quicktime - jvc everio mod (import only) - 3gp - asf (import only) - wav - wma (import only) - dolby - digit adobe 242.62|microsoft(r) office standard 2007 quickly and easily manage your schedule and get things done at home or in the office with microsoft office standard 2007. an all-new streamlined interface plus enhanced picture charting and graphics tools make it simple to create great-looking ...  399.99
0|jumpstart world 1st grade welcome to jumpstart world 1st grade a series of 12 adventure packs or learning units that actually progresses in response to your child's own learning pace. it's super-personalized wildly imaginative and really fun but don't let that fool you--it also teaches critical skills correlated to state standards so kids get a real jumpstart in life. the world changes with the seasons and holidays over 80 learning games and missions unique 3d design and immersive play the smart fun way to achieve 1st grade success your child will make new friends visit the learning arcades art and music studio and complete fun missions to earn their first two leadership keys. stay connected as part of your jumpstart world experience we've designed a parents corner where you can get additional tips and ideas to help your child enjoy learning even more. get educational tips and creative ideas from our monthly gurus and experts. search hundreds of parent tips to help turn everyday moments into learning opportunitites. get instant access to tips and activities that reinforce your child's learning. reward your child studies show that children learn better when parents are involved. the super gem reward store allows you to reward your child's performance with customized certificates. delight your child with rewards that only you can create. create rewards that your child can redeem: a trip to the park going out for ice cream going ice skating and many more. use our simple tool to create your own rewards to honor your child's learning achievements. get your first 2 adventure packs today: over 80 learning games and missions that teach more than 40 skills subscribe to keep the adventure going: get a new adventure pack automatically downloaded to your computer for just $7.99 each. based on your child's progress--at least one each month. 12 total adventure packs per grade. each adventure pack includes: for kids: over 40 learning games and missions over 20 skills new areas of the world to discover one new badge to earn for parents: progress report e-mails and parent tips access to the member's website and online access to educational experts access to the super gems reward center see what your child can learn in jumpstart world at the heart of the jumpstart world is the learning curriculum containing hundreds of lessons around key skills to help your child advance progressively. take a tour of the specially designed 3d world new studies show that children who learn in rich media environments retain knowledge longer. jumpstart world surrounds your child in a 3d world with learning and fun as it rewards and recognizes each achievement along the way. key features of jumpstart world: children pick a character and explore a world full of exciting places. unique 3d design and immersive play make kids feel like they're inside a world of adventure and learning. challenging missions teach math reading spelling vocabulary science art and more. kids can import photos to decorate their world. they can create billboards cards and special pictures. new lands and new challenges open up according to your child's progress. includes sing-along music videos in the art and music studio that teach phonics the karaoke way. kids earn super gems at the math and reading arcades. they can then trade in their gems for special rewards. kids earn keys on their way to becoming the ultimate jumpscout leader. the world changes with the seasons and holidays using a real-time calendar. parents receive personalized progress reports and activity tips. ages 5-7 years skills taught math: addition subtraction telling time fractions picture graphs reading: phonics consonants vowels sentences comprehension critical thinking: problem solving patterns attributes classification social skills: friendship knowledge dedication and much more! benefits empowers children to succeed builds confidence rewards achievements enhances social skills stimulates creativity engages parents research: the building blocks of jumpstart world research has shown that children's play can encourage and improve their ability to learn. jumpstart world keeps children motivated to play and to learn because jumpstart world recognizes each achievement along the way. the result is non-stop play and learning that will involve the entire family. children and technology white paper (.pdf - 84k) jumpstart world white paper (.pdf - 124k) knowledge adventure 19.99|books by you (pc/mac) knowledge adventure key features: four exciting story lines expand your vocabulary import photos design a cover dedicate the book share your creation ...  19.99
0|backup exec netware remote agt win/netware svr v9.2 e/g general information - manufacturer: symantec corporation. - manufacturer part number: e17887d - marketing information: backup exec 9.2 for netware servers delivers the latest backup and restore technology that provides certified robust and easy-to-use data protection of netware servers and workstation data. a complete family of high performance agents and options further customize the data protection environment making backup exec software the ultimate backup solution for netware. product information - software type: backup and recovery - software name: backup exec v.9.2 for netware servers remote agent for windows or netware servers - complete product - features and benefits: - backup-to-disk - intelligent disaster recovery option for netware - duplicate backup set - multi-slot utility operations - open file support for novell netware 6.0 and 6.5 - full protection of windows 2003 servers - protection of remote linux or unix servers - novell cluster failover support - integration with novell distributed print services - administration console with easy to use wizards - language supported: multilingual - platform support: pc license information - license type: complete product - license quantity: 1 connection(s) veritas 295|qb customer manager 2.5 quickbooks customer manager 2.5  76.75
0|phase one capture one pro win/mac capture one pro is workflow software that integrates perfectly with your dslr camera enabling full control over your images from capture to print. this full digital workflow solution matches the high demands of the modern professional photographer. you'll create print-ready images with amazing quality by means of a few simple steps saving you a great deal of time and effort. as an extra bonus you get access to phase one's patent-pending image processing algorithms which deliver the highest image quality in the respective ccd or cmos sensor class. added support for canon's eos 10d 300d d30 d60 cameras individual noise-reduction for each image individual camera profile for each image image saturation adjustment slider automatic levels adjustment quick develop allows fast conversion to tiff or jpeg dual-image view to compare two images side-by-side phase one 499|three-to-a-page payroll checks each has two stubs one for the employee and a permanent stub which stays in the book. standard deductions are printed right on the check.no carbons no mess! choose 1- or 2-part carbonless safety paper checks in your choice of blue green or yellow ...  65.19
0|intervideo dvd copy 5 express dvd copy 5 express gives you fast dvd-copying and file-conversion software. in just three steps you'll copy videos to most popular formats and now directly to your psp or ipod. make 1:1 copies of your favorite films in no time at all. copying movies has never been more simple! corel 29.99|quicken home and business 2007 (pc) intuit key features: manage personal finances manage business finances simplify taxes save time on your taxes ...  89.99
0|dk rainbow fish most beautiful fish [ages 3 - 7] a tender amazing adventure based on marcus pfisters bestselling childrens book. rainbow fish helps the blue whale. rainbow fish lived happily in the deep ocean until one day when the whale fell victim to a bad case of the hiccups and accidentally swallowed rainbow fishs friends. before rainbow fish could do anything the whale hiccuped again and swallowed him too. now rainbow fish is trapped inside the whale and needs help getting out. in this adventure children will encounter interesting characters and experience challenging gamesall with their favorite fish rainbow. bandadore and his followers are so furious to be trapped in the whale that they are holding the gentle molo hostage! can you free him? the seahorses are sad because the baby they are expecting is still asleep in its flower. put your skills to the test and make the flower bloom. features: 2 levels of game play; 2 different endings; increased playtime; numerous pre-school games perfectly integrated in the adventure; a non-linear adventure; a poetic and funny environment filled with friendly characters; humorous dialogs and songs; a simple and intuitive interface. dk 9.99|middle school math & science overview your children will learn how to apply the concepts step by step with easy-to-follow examples. lay the foundation for math and science success. turn even the most difficult subjects into achievement opportunities with expert instruction ...  12.9
0|corel snapfire plus [ignite photo fun] corel snapfire plus features a series of great image-editing photo-management tools and creative photo-project templates that help you import edit snapfire plus offers easy-to-use image-editing tools intuitive photo-management features and a great selection of photo-project templates. and share your images. designed to seamlessly integrate with the powerful image editing and organization features of corel paint shop pro photo xi corel snapfire plus lets you create a variety of eye-catching calendars collages certificates and much more. the integrated photo doctor removes the guesswork from image correction by analyzing a digital image and recommending any necessary changes. snapfire plus also lets you create impressive eye-catching slide shows from your photos and video clips. the software includes many creative photo project templates designed to inspire you to do more with your photos. with drag-and-drop simplicity you can easily create stunning album pages greeting cards calendars and collages. meanwhile the included corel photo downloader automatically downloads photos whenever you plug a camera or card reader into your computer giving you a thumbnail of each image on the device so that you can choose which images to import. corel 39.99|strategy first inc. culpa innata   37.82
0|acid music studio 7 if you're serious about making your own music acid music studio software is the perfect tool for original song creation live recording and studio-quality mixing and effects processing. share your songs any way you want ? burn your own cds upload to the web or export to your mp3 player. with built-in tutorials to guide you you'll be composing mixing and mastering like a pro in no time. create original music by combining the included music loops ? over 1 700 of them ? or record and edit your own live performances create custom soundtracks for your video projects created in vegas movie studio+dvd software or other applications show me how tutorials go beyond the booklets and basic tutorials that other solutions provide. these extraordinary helpers are built right into the software ? just click show me how to access simple interactive help on over 20 topics create your own cds in minutes. cd layout and burning is fully integrated into the software so you can conveniently create your music and produce professional-sounding cds all within one application want to get heard? acidplanet is the premier internet site for musicians and content developers. join acidplanet.com to upload and share compositions remix songs from major-label artists and collaborate with other members on a wide range of music and video projects new! vst audio effect support new! asio driver support new! edit source project chopper editing tool to edit and clone loops beatmapper tool for easy remixing track-level volume panning and effects editing master bus track for project-wide volume and pan fades sony media 78.95|simply magazine sales skills sales skills provides key information about how to sell with extensive video role playing examples and instruction. system requirements: windows 95 98 or nt 4.0 with a pentium processor 16 mb available ram 15 mb available hard drive space cd  3.1
0|podmaxx '07 apple designed the ipod experience in a ?walled garden' format funneling users to their itunes store to buy their music and make it difficult to buy music elsewhere. podmaxx ?07 offers a real solution to this problem enabling ipod owners to buy music anywhere they like for the best price no matter how eclectic their taste. not only can podmaxx ?07 let ipod owners buy ipod music anywhere you can also copy music and playlists from any ipod to their pc create free ringtones from any music fil collection transfer any dvd to their ipod burn music to cd directly from any ipod turn an ipod into a portable hard drive to backup valuable data sync email and contacts (including outlook) view the latest news weather movie start times and their locations ? all with one application. podmaxx ?07 is the perfect digital music companion for itunes and your ipod. podmaxx ?07 organizes your music videos and photos and fixes mislabeled songs. rip and watch your dvd movies anywhere. read your email on your morning commute. burn cds right off any ipod connected to your pc. use your ipod as portable storage device and backup your pc. burn audio cds straight from any ipod - not only can you copy everything off your ipod back to your pc but you can also burn any music files from your ipod striaght to cd. podmaxx automatically formats the files for burning to the cd format that plays in any cd player carry hours of dvd movies in your pocket burn files to cd straight off their ipod protect music collections from loss with full pc backup carry news weather movie info backup an entire pc system requirements - windows 2000 or xp; itunes 4.7 or later installed; microsoft. net framework 1.1 installed supports apple ipod - mini (4 & 6 gb) as well as all 10 20 & 60 gb ipods and nano bling 29.99|punch software 41100 punch! home design architectural series 18 architectural series 18 provides innovative new tools to unleash your design creativity. novice or pro punch! architectural series 18 has the tools and flexibility to have anyone designing a professional-looking home design quickly and easily. a ... punch software 118.99
0|quicken 2007 deluxe quicken deluxe 2007 contains all the tools you liked in quicken basic plus tools to help you plan for the future and achieve your financial goals. download your credit card banking and brokerage transactions directly from your participating financial institutions. save for a college tuition a new home or vacation; create retirement and estate plans; avoid getting into debt; and simplify your taxes. see your complete financial picture in minutes! intuit 59.95|view video antonio carlos jobim antonio carlos jobim -an all-star tribute direct from brazil in his last recorded performance jobim is joined by herbie hancock joe henderson gonzalo rubalcaba ron carter shirley horn and jon hendricks for intoxicating renditions of unforgettable melodies like ?the girl from ipanema&rd  14.86
0|call of duty 2 dvd-rom (mac) call of duty 2 redefines the cinematic intensity and chaos of battle as seen through the eyes of the ordinary soldiers who fought there together. the epic wwii conflict is a sequel to call of duty and offers more immense more intense and more realistic battles than ever before. all-new enhancements deliver stunning realism and gameplay groundbreaking ai and choice-based gameplay innovations. choice-based gameplay lets you play through missions your way - individualize your tactics and play missions in the order you see fit multiplayer mayhem - go online for intense axis vs. allies team-based multiplayer action aspyr media 49.99|stopzilla! 4.0 (pc) roxio key features: detects/destroys spyware stops pop-up blocks online threats automatic updates ...  29.99
0|south park chef's luv shack chef takes on the role of game show host in a wild multiplayer match featuring all your favorite south park characters! compete with your friends in dozens of minigames that test your south park gaming skills! it's no mystery why they call south park: chef's luv shack the greatest party game ever! is there anything this game doesn't do? in addition to being a really fun and surprisingly challenging trivia contest this game features well over a dozen minigames that draw upon some of the greatest gaming genres ever created. acclaim 39.95|fogware hyb places dvd macintosh: dvd drive sound card & system no installation required windows: win 2000 xp with minimum memory of 128 megbytes dvd drive sound card & system no installation required  21.99
0|monarch v9.0 1u . monarch v9.0 1u - datawatch 699|topics entertainment classics the: the piano a new worldwide audio standard for classical music! the high definition classics recordings produce an indescribable depth of sound. enjoy the lush classical sounds and dynamic interpretations of the piano an innovative 4-volume 16-disc audio ...  20
0|super solvers - mission t.h.i.n.k - 25 user site license morty the notorious master of mischief is back in a wild and wacky arcade game that sharpens thinking and problem-solving skills that are fundamental to success in math science and everyday life. this time he and his metal minions have taken over the game factory and are challenging all super solvers' fans to a duel of wits! learning company 399.95|mike dowling homespun swing guitar dvd one ? rhythm's where it's at : veteran player mike dowling demonstrates clearly and simply the techniques that put him in high demand as sideman for such legendary players as joe venuti jethro burns and vassar clements. he covers swing  36.67
0|adobe contribute cs3 [mac] adobe contribute cs3 software enables anyone to quickly and easily update existing websites and blogs. with adobe contribute cs3 content authors can post and publish content to multiple websites and blogs from a single application or publish directly from within microsoft office applications. easily update web content for professional web designers web developers and website administrators ensuring that website and blog content remains fresh and current is an enormous challenge. often this means delegating the responsibility for updating web content and blog entries to numerous contributors which can put website integrity at risk especially when disparate tools are used for the different tasks. with adobe contribute cs3 anyone can quickly and easily update multiple websites and blogs using a single application--without compromising site integrity. simply browse to the website that needs updating or the blog that requires a new entry make changes to the content using adobe contribute cs3 and publish when finished. you can also publish content directly from microsoft word excel or outlook. use one tool for publishing to multiple websites and blogs with adobe contribute cs3 anyone can update website content or create blog entries using a single application. true wysiwyg authoring capabilities let users edit any website or blog in three simple steps dramatically reducing editing time. alternatively authors can publish directly from within microsoft office applications in a few clicks. just open the document that contains the content you want to post click publish and select the target website or blog. even rich media images movies and adobe flash (flv) files can be easily included in any website or blog using adobe contribute cs3. in edit mode just drag the file onto the website or blog entry. adobe contribute cs3 automatically uploads and posts it to the site when published. because authors edit content and add images in their actual context on the website or blog before publishing content length and style as well as image sizes are right the first time. with contribute cs3 you can embed pdf documents directly into your web page or blog entry. you can also convert your microsoft office documents to adobe pdf and insert them into a web page.* maintain website integrity seamless integration between adobe contribute cs3 and dreamweaver templates ensures that your website's look and feel is maintained even when multiple authors update content across the site. web designers and developers can create page templates with editable regions during website creation and then delegate routine content updates to business users. because content authors can update only the areas designated by the designer or webmaster the website always appears as the designer intended. and just like dreamweaver adobe contribute cs3 preserves code quality and formats through the editing process. top reasons to buy adobe contribute cs3 unified web publishing publish to multiple websites and blogs from a single application. easy flash (flv) upload include adobe flash (flv) files in websites and blogs by simply dragging and dropping the file onto the web page or into the blog entry during edit. contribute cs3 automatically uploads the file and posts it to the site on publish. compatible with windows vista and intel based macs adobe contribute cs3 works on intel and powerpc based macs and on windows xp and windows vista systems. quick web page and blog posting from microsoft office publish content directly from within microsoft office applications using the template of your choice significantly reducing your editing time. contribute cs3 adds buttons to your office applications that allow you to publish directly to a website or post to a blog without even opening contribute. wsiwyg blog templates enjoy the convenience of authoring blog entries offline in your own template with convenient wysiwyg layout and full-featured text editing. drag and drop rich media elements directly into your blog as you edit it. editing from internet explorer 7 and firefox 2 use contribute browser buttons to edit the page you are browsing or to post its content to a blog. the latest versions of internet explorer and firefox browsers are now supported. convenient pdf support embed pdf documents directly into your web page or blog entry. conveniently convert microsoft office documents to pdf and then insert them into your web page.* standard protocol support post your updates using any standard file transfer web-authoring or blogging protocol including ftp sftp webdav metaweblog and atom. * requires the installation of adobe acrobat software sold separately. acrobat cs3 professional is included with adobe creative suite 3 web premium and master collection. adobe 149|633808390266 wasp mobileasset professional edition combo pack with spt 1800 - ( v. 5 ) - comp wasp bar code 633808390266 : usually ships in 24 hours : in stock : wasp mobileasset is the 1 selling industry-leading asset tracking solution for small to medium-sized businesses.  2021.99
0|axis network camera 213 ptz - digital video camera ( 0220-004 ) the axis 213 ptz network camera enables advanced remote monitoring with pan tilt and zoom control over ip networks. it features a powerful 26x optical zoom auto focus lens and an ir mode for nighttime conditions.the axis 213 ptz delivers superior quality motion jpeg and mpeg-4 video streams simultaneously. the camera provides 20 preset positions and 1 preset sequence (auto patrol) to monitor specific areas. it also offers pre- and post-alarm image buffering and advanced event management features.the axis 213 ptz connects directly to an ip network and with a built-in web server enables remote monitoring and control from any pc connected to the local area network or the internet. the camera provides wide coverage with its ability to pan 340 degrees tilt 100 degrees and zoom in on specific details. the axis 213 ptz is ideal for monitoring people and property and for remote learning and troubleshooting. a protective dome housing is available for indoor and outdoor applications. axis communication inc. 0|business cards certificates brochures design professional-looking business cards certificates and brochures with easy-to-use wizard controls. includes 2000 clip art images 1000 high-quality borders and backgrounds 150 templates 750 sentiments and 100 fonts.  19.99
0|makemusic finale 2007 win/mac are you the next mozart richard rodgers john lenon? finale 2007 can help you become a musician extraordinaire. compose edit arrange listen to and print your music with stunning professional-quality results. powerful tools robust productivity features and incredible speed make finale the ultimate composing and score-writing tool. everything in finale is built to support your creative process. more options and an intuitive interface give you complete creative control of your music. into music more than computers? check out the setup wizard! what instruments or voices do you want? you can even select from pre-defined ensembles or create your own. what key? time signature? music font? tempo? finale will set up your score complete with staves in correct order tempo marking staff groupings etc. finale 2007 runs natively on both intel- and powerpc-based macs as well as windows computers. finale is the first notation software to take full advantage of today's most powerful computing platforms. integrated kontakt player 2 - the most respected name in playback technology now comes included with finale 2007?absolutely free! listen to yoour music played with stunning realism thanks to the integrated kontakt player 2. the authorization wizard has been updated so that one simple process will authorize both finale 2007 and the native instruments kontakt player 2 included with finale. now there's no need to go through a separate registration process with native instruments in order to use the 100 garritan orchestral sounds included with finale finale integrates key sequencer features with the groundbreaking studio view - easy to create evaluate and shape your ideas into songs arrangements and compositions for windows xp / mac os 10.3.9 emedia 600|punch software 25100 punch! master landscape and home design punch! master landscape & home design offers an extensive plantings database deck topography and new technology integrating your actual home photos into infinite 3d views. this garden and landscape software lets you bring your landscaping ideas to ... punch software 45.99
0|adobe after effects professional 6.5 upgrade from standard to professional upgrade only; installation of after effects standard new disk caching tools speed up your interactive work save any combination of animation parameters as presets -- create transformations masks expressions effects and text tighter integration with other adobe tools - import photoshop cs and illustrator cs files with preserved layers and other attributes output to firewire for easier previewing on ntsc and pal video monitors adobe 499.99|daceasy(tm) 4.0-4.2 compatible continuous accounts payable checks compatible with daceasy(tm) versions 4.0-4.2.  144.59
0|microsoft word 2004 (mac) word 2004 has innovative new features that give your personal or business documents the right look every time. enjoy the latest tools and advancements of the most popular word processor around. microsoft 229.99|software software  112.95
0|gorilla 4 standard if your projects are going to be under $625 000 (per sag low budget agreement) then this is the choice for you. the standard edition has all the features of the pro edition but is meant for real independent films. another nice feature is that gorilla comes in three flavors each priced right for your pocketbook. why spend hundreds of dollars on the software when you need to put every penny into your production? jungle software 299|01-ssc-5310 sonicwall global vpn client - license - 1 user - win sonicwall 01-ssc-5310 : usually ships in 24 hours : : in today's business environment providing mobile workers with a secure easy-to-use solution that gives them remote access to mission-critical resources on the corporate network is vital to a ...  43.85
0|adobe audition 2.0 adobe audition 2.0 gives you professional audio mixing results in real time. record mix edit and master digital audio files with powerful tools that bring flexibility and control to your desktop studio. easily create music produce radio spots and restore imperfect recordings. bring audio and video together using smart integration with adobe video applications. preroll and postroll playback - hear effect additions as you work before committing to changes delete and remove silences between words or sounds import & export to ogg vorbis (ogg) audio files cart chunk editing - save edit and open cart chunk metadata (used by many radio automation systems to catalog and organize audio files) import audition audio files to after effects or premiere pro projects support for over 20 file formats - windows pcm (wav) ogg aiff mp3 wma and others adobe 349|system care? professional system care professional eliminates the hassles of setting up managing and protecting your home network. easily set up file and printer sharing between your home computers with just a few mouse clicks. its intuitive information network management ...  49.99
0|sharks 2.0 (pc & mac) sharks 2.0 (win 95 98 me 2000 xp) e b c marketing 19.99|microsoft(r) office ultimate 2007 microsoft office ultimate 2007 is designed to give the user whether personal or business the ability to find collect organize and share virtually any type of information while delivering quality results. a new streamlined interface will help ...  539.95
0|instant immersion french deluxe 2.0 topics entertainment instant immersion french deluxe 2.0 you set the pace for learning with this series of personalized beginner intermediate and advanced programs. with entertaining instruction on 20 key lessons including vocabulary grammar and phonetics you will quickly start speaking reading and writing french windows pc only topics entertainment 49.99|spectrasonics sample dvd: ethno techno sage xpander sounds for software sample dvd: ethno techno - sage xpander for rmx virtual instrument sage xpanders are additional groove libraries that can be added to the already enormous base library of spectrasonic's stylus rmx virtual instrument. ethno techno from ilio features ...  98.95
0|diskeeper 2007 professional single lic pack diskeeper 2007 is a defrag solution like no other. maintain your computers at peak performance without facing defragmenting problems and extending the life of your system. using a brand new technology called invisitasking diskeeper 2007 can defrag the hard drive on the fly in real time. diskeeper 2007 runs with complete transparency in the background. there will never be a conflict with resources or a need for scheduling. the only way you will know diskeeper 2007 is there is the dramatic increase in performance and reliability that you will experience after installation. diskeeper corporation 79.21|watchguard wg3900 high availability for firebox ii uk the standby remains inactive unless the primary firebox ceases to respond to a connection on a specified heartbeat channel over a selected firebox interface (eg trusted or external). if no response is received across the network from the primary ...  226.65 gbp
0|apple ilife '06 (mac dvd) [older version] ilife '06 is the easiest way to make the most out of every bit of your digital life. use your mac to collect organize and edit the various elements. transform them into mouth-watering masterpieces with apple-designed templates. then share the magic moments in beautiful books colorful calendars dazzling dvds perfect podcasts and attractive online journals. all starring you. now it's easier than ever to edit your photos to perfection. all your photos in one place. iphoto 6 rebuilt for blazing performance iphoto makes sharing photos faster simpler and cooler than ever before. it also adds eye-opening features to the ones you already love including photocasting support for up to 250 000 photos easy publishing to the web special effects and new custom cards and calendars. so you can spread those smiles far and wide. a lifetime of photos at your fingertips -- your life is is one big photo opportunity -- which explains why your photo library is getting bigger every day. well good news: iphoto now supports up to 250 000 images. that means you can confidently shoot over a thousand photos per week for the next 20 years. (better get cracking.) navigating your larger library is a breeze now too. as you move the scroll bar a new see-through scroll guide appears to show you what photos or rolls are currently displayed. photocasting: a fantastic new way to share -- imagine sending an album of favorite photos to the family and having it change automatically on their computers when you update it on yours. that's what photocasting is all about. and it's amazingly easy. just create a photocast album in iphoto and publish it to .mac (password-protected if you wish). when cousin cindy subscribes she'll see it in her iphoto library just as you see it in yours -- with full-resolution photos that can be used for desktop pictures printed albums cards and calendars. and whenever you add or subtract to your photocast album it will change in hers. even people with pcs can enjoy an iphoto photocast because all it takes is an rss news reader to subscribe. dazzle with calendars greeting cards and books -- send a beautiful printed book of special photos to a friend. put your kid's happy face on the cover of a custom card to announce a birthday party. create a stylized personalized calendar that rivals the ones you see at your local mall. make all those things -- and many many more -- with typical iphoto ease. just choose a photo album click an apple-designed template and let iphoto work its magic. add captions fine-tune your layout then click to order -- your professionally printed masterwork is delivered right to your door. the website of your life -- it's one thing to share photos on the internet. it's something else to share them on a wonderfully designed personal website. thanks to the newest member of the ilife family -- iweb -- you can create a beautiful new photo page on your website in just minutes. heck if you can type those clever captions quickly enough maybe even seconds. simply export an iphoto album to iweb to create a new photo grid. drag photos to rearrange them if needed add those pithy words then publish. whoosh. your film your way -- done easily with imovie hd 6. score your movies with powerful audio tools. imovie hd 6 riveting performances. major effects. inspired directing. amazing how imovie has changed the way people look at home movies. now with more cinematic tools to offer imovie makes you even more comfortable in the director's chair. and the editor's chair. and the special effects guy's chair. and well you get the idea. imovie is the fastest and easiest way to turn home movies into dazzling hollywood-style hits. instant theme instant classic -- imovie themes give you moviemaking power you never imagined. just click one and the fun begins. each theme contains a collection of professionally designed scenes that give your movie a personality from start to finish -- including video and graphic overlays and advanced transitions. all you have to do is drag-and-drop your movie clips and photos into the scene's drop zones type in your titles and imovie does the rest. you get the quality of a feature film. without the cost overruns. now showing: major video effects -- you'll love the new video effects made possible by mac os x core video. you'll also love the fact that you can preview the results of your video effect choices in real time. at any size. right in the main window. imovie does all the rendering in the background so you can experiment to your heart's content. or just dive right into all your other creative options without delay. the sounds of cinema -- great movies sound as amazing as they look. so imovie comes complete with a sound studio built in. summoning the power of mac os x core audio imovie offers eight new audio effects including noise reduction (perfect for squelching the noise common to home movies) reverb pitch change a handy graphic equalizer and more. and with the ilife media browser you have full access to your original garageband songs. how's that sound? video podcasts and blogs with iweb -- use imovie to share with friends family and now -- the world. imovie working hand in hand with iweb makes it easy to publish video to websites and blogs. you can even use imovie to create video podcasts complete with chapter markers and live urls. using iweb you can submit your video podcast to the itunes podcast directory where it can be seen and subscribed to by everyone. the simple powerful idvd interface. choose from stunning menu templates. idvd 6 why rent someone else's masterpiece when you can create your own? from hollywood-style home movies to multimedia wedding albums to professional slideshow portfolios idvd 6 helps you put it all on dvd. and no ordinary dvd mind you. a jaw-dropping widescreen dvd with coordinated menus and ambient audio. a dvd with thoroughly professional polish. a dvd so captivating it will make it onto everyone's must-see list. magic idvd -- idvd has always made it easy to create beautifully designed dvds. now it's beyond easy. with the magic idvd feature all you have to do is choose a theme and select the movies and photos you want to include. idvd then automatically creates a complete dvd unified in design from start to finish including menu screens movies chapter menus and slideshows. you have to see it to believe it. want to join in the magic? use magic idvd as a starting point and edit from there. create widescreen dvds -- get the most out of that gorgeous new widescreen tv. with idvd 6 you can author dvds of your movies and photo slideshows in stunning widescreen format. you can even include content from both sd and hd video sources. idvd converts everything automatically so all your dvds play back beautifully. choose new idvd themes -- idvd 6 features 10 new apple-designed themes in idvd five of which are made to match imovie themes -- and all of them are available in both widescreen (16:9) and standard (4:3) formats. each theme includes a family of a three coordinated menus: a main menu a chapter menu for scene selection and an extras menu for slideshows and other content. talent to burn -- when you're ready to burn your dvd idvd is ready too. even if you're using a third-party dvd burner. idvd has built-in support for a wide variety of dvd media formats -- including dvd-r dvd-rw dvd+r dvd+rw and dvd+r dl. so now you have more options than ever. garageband lets you make music like a pro -- all on your mac. create podcasts that make you sound like a professional host. score your imovie creations. garageband 3 the best way to record music on a mac is now the best way to record podcasts. podcasting in garageband 3 puts you in the control room of your own full-featured radio station. and new iweb integration gets your voice on the internet in minutes. podcast artwork track -- now you can add a podcast artwork track just by dragging in images from your ilife media browser. drag in a title card with the name of your podcast and a picture of you. drag in different images for each chapter marker in your podcast so your listeners can also see visual cues. just position images on the artwork track so they correspond with your vocal track. raving about that amazing unsigned band you saw last night? drag in a photo of the gig right from your iphoto library. sound effects and jingles -- give your podcast professional polish by adding in sound effects and jingles from garageband's library of more than 200 podcast sounds. browse more than 200 sound effects -- including radio-style stingers and sounds from people animals and machines -- then drag them into your podcast to sync up with your vocal track. or add some musical accompaniment to your podcast. just browse garageband's library of more than 100 jingles and drag them into your podcast in 7 15 and 30-second snippets. you can add in sound effects and jingles during post-production or trigger them during live recording. podcast radio engineer -- garageband 3 includes a few features that function like your own personal podcast radio engineer so you can create podcasts that make you sound like a professional host. a built-in speech enhancer optimizes sound for your mac gender and vocal range improving the sound of your voice and simulating a professional microphone even when you're not using one. and a dynamic ducking effect automatically reduces music volume when you speak so your listeners always hear the talk above the tunes. ichat interview recording -- use ichat and garageband to record a talk show-style podcast in the time it takes you to carry on a friendly chat -- even if your guests are on the other side of the world. garageband lets you record remote guests from an audio or video ichat conference. just start chatting and garageband simultaneously records the audio -- one track for each guest complete with buddy name and icon so you know who's saying what and when. and if you're using isight cameras to record the action garageband takes a photo snapshot of each guest every time he or she speaks. one-click iweb publishing -- finished recording your podcast? time to get it on the internet with garageband and iweb. from garageband send your podcast to iweb where you can create a new podcast series or add to an existing series. then click publish to get your podcast on the web via your .mac account. it's that easy. iweb even lets you submit your podcast to the itunes music store so you can attract new fans. imovie scoring -- the new video track in garageband makes it easy to add an original music score to your movies. and don't worry about your musical talent -- or lack thereof. just use garageband's included loops or try a combination of loops software instruments or any previous audio recordings you created. you can even use garageband to add cinematic sound effects such as footsteps and creaking doors. when you're ready save your scored imovie project as a quicktime video then send it to idvd for burning or publish it to the internet via iweb. the internet is calling. answer with iweb. choose from beautiful website templates. publish your blog quickly and easily. iweb the internet is calling. answer. use iweb to create websites and blogs -- complete with podcasts photos and movies -- and get them online fast. just drag drop and design using your choice of web templates then publish live to your .mac account. apple-designed templates -- let iweb help you build a beautiful website in minutes using apple-designed templates. just choose a website theme that fits your style. each theme offers page templates for about me photo album blog podcast and movie pages so you'll always have the perfect place for your content. use the ilife media browser to drag in your photos movies and podcasts then simply type over the placeholder text on your page template and click once to publish to .mac. ilife media browser -- every website needs content. your podcast page needs audio. your photo page needs images. your blog needs links to your favorite music. and that's why iweb needs the ilife media browser. using the media browser you can access all your ilife content -- photos video audio -- without leaving iweb. drag in the podcast or song you recorded in garageband earlier today. or the iphoto album of your vacation. or your latest imovie project. whatever you want to share you'll find it in the ilife media browser. blogging -- use iweb to start your own weblog and add new entries as easily as writing an email. choose a blog template type in your own text and drag in photos from the ilife media browser. iweb takes care of everything else setting up navigation for your blog creating a summary page and adding an entry archive. iweb also handles the rss feed for your blog so anyone can subscribe. and when you're done adding an entry just one click publishes your blog via .mac. podcasting -- when it comes time to take your podcasts live iweb gives you a simple stylish way to do it. either send your podcast to iweb from garageband or start in iweb with a podcast page template and drag your podcast in from the ilife media browser. type over placeholder text to add a brief description of your podcast then click once to publish it to the internet using your .mac account. iweb takes care of the rss feed for your podcast and lets you submit podcasts to the itunes music store where anyone can listen and subscribe. one-click .mac publishing -- sharing your website with the world is now one-click simple. with iweb and a .mac membership you can publish your entire website -- complete with blog entries photo albums links to photocasts movies and podcasts -- to the internet in a single click. no configuration no hassle. just click publish and iweb automatically publishes your entire site to the internet where anyone with a web browser can see it. iweb even lets you announce your website via email so friends and family stay in the loop. apple computer 79|microsoft e32-00575 - sql server 2005 developer edition x64 - complete product - dbms - 1 developer(s) - complete product - standard - english - pc microsoft e32-00575 : organizations today face numerous data challenges such as the need to make faster and more data-driven decisions the need to increase the productivity and flexibility of development staff and pressure to reduce overall ...  43.97
0|intellimover transfer your pc deluxe intellimover deluxe simplifies pc file migration saving you time and eliminating frustration. transfer customized settings preferences data files email and more from an old pc to a new pc -- more easily than you ever imagined. instantly gets your new pc files up and running so you can start working immediately nova development 69.99|adobe dreamweaver cs3 - complete package - 1 user - academic - cd - mac quickly and easily design develop and maintain websites and web applications??from start to finish??with adobe dreamweaver cs3 software. built for both designers and developers.  189
0|dance praise with dance pad (win/mac) turn your computer into a dance arcade with top christian hits! get ready for hours of family fun with music worth listening to! simply plug in the interactive dance pad into the usb port of your computer and start movin' and groovin' to over 50 christian songs from your favorite artists.includes music from your favorite christian artists: 4th avenue jones'andy hunteraudio adrenalinebleachdavid crowder* banddj majearthsuithawk nelsonjohn reubenliquidnewsboysout of edenpax217sanctus realsarah kellyseven day jesusstarfieldsteven curtis chapmanthe benjamin gatethe elmsthe katinastobymacverbszoegirl digital praise 39.99|microsoft 122-00411 - visual studio 2005 team edition for software testers with msdn premium subscription renewal - complete product - programming tool - standard - 1 user(s) - complete product - english - pc- free shipping microsoft 122-00411 : today's software systems are comprised of numerous distributed services spanning platforms protocols and programming languages all with significant impact on the operations environment. moreover teams have become ...  2069.97
0|quickbooks premier nonprofit edition 2007 quickbooks premier nonprofit edition 2007 provides standard accounting features plus easy tools designed specifically for nonprofit organizations to demonstrate financial accountability to their boards of directors. generate any of nine nonprofit-specific reports from the report center to help track donors and contributions. compare quickbooks premier nonprofit edition 2007 to other products (pdf). you can also view an overview of key features (requires flash). manage your finances faster from the simplified home page. view larger. in addition to helping you stay on top of your financial activities nonprofit edition 2007 lets you track donors and contributions with customized reports. you can also create reports for your board of directors plus stay on top of your donor contributions. track budgets by program monitor finances by program and organize your expenses to meet irs requirements. by keeping you informed nonprofit edition 2007 also helps you raise more funds during fundraising campaigns by knowing who makes the largest contributions streamline donation processing and fundraising turn pledge forms into thank-you letters and donation statements with just a few clicks. see contact information pledge status and contribution histories at a glance. you can also create professional-looking forms with advanced tools. generate group mailings of customized thank-you letters pledge forms and receipts from your quickbooks donor lists in seconds. view all 9 nonprofit reports in the reports center including the new donor contribution summary report. view larger. see donor and vendor transaction histories at a glance. view larger. use a chart of accounts designed for nonprofits. view larger. maximize the effectiveness of your campaigns by viewing a complete history of contributions for any donor or grantor. click a button from anywhere in quickbooks to open the customer center. click any name on the list to see contact information and a complete history of contributions grants or any other transactions--all in one window. automatically track your organization's finances quickbooks nonprofit edition organizes financial data for your board and the irs freeing you to concentrate on managing your organization. you can finish everyday tasks such as tracking pledges and donations and paying bills and employees quickly and easily. nonprofit edition automatically tracks the specific information your nonprofit organization needs as you enter donations and expenses and fund your programs. instead of the standard accounts used by for-profit businesses nonprofit edition provides your organization with a more relevant set: the unified chart of accounts (ucoa) developed by nonprofit financial specialists. instantly build a working budget based on your recent spending history with just one click. adjust the figures individually or across line items. check your actual spending vs. budgeted amounts at any time while making corrections in time to meet your targets. record bills as they arrive--quickbooks will alert you when they're due. click a button to turn a bill entry into a check. print checks one at a time or in convenient batches. meanwhile quickbooks payroll makes it easy to run payroll with a just few clicks and manage your payroll activities. you can manage payroll from within quickbooks so there are no duplicate entries and there's nothing new to learn. the customizable home page gives you direct access to the features you use every day plus a clear picture of how they all fit together. no searching through menus--you're never more than two clicks from your data. works easily with microsoft office use the right tool for the job: with quickbooks you can easily and automatically transfer data to and from your favorite microsoft office applications without retyping. quickbooks lets you transfer data to and from microsoft excel merge quickbooks data with microsoft word templates and keep your contact information in quickbooks and outlook up to date. word excel and outlook integration require microsoft word excel and outlook 2000 2002 or 2003 (all sold separately). synchronization with outlook is also possible with quickbooks customer manager (sold separately). start fast and get help when you need it get tips tutorials and solutions specifically designed for nonprofit organizations. premier nonprofit edition 2007 makes getting started so quick and easy you could be working in as little as half an hour. just answer a few basic questions and receive a customized setup that you can change at any time. nonprofit edition includes in-program help topics and tutorials specifically customized for nonprofit organizations. and you can enjoy free support for 30 days from registration. satisfaction guaranteed quickbooks is the financial-management software recommended by more accountants than any other and intuit guarantees your satisfaction. if you're not satisfied return the business software to intuit within 60 days with dated receipt for a refund of the purchase price. intuit 399.95|david bowie yamaha the best of david bowie: 1974-1979 - smart pianosoft this innovative software series enables your disklavier mark iii piano to perform with the world's most popular cds! using yamaha's pianosmart technology this companion diskette will magically empower your disklavier mark iii to accompany the ...  18.5
0|symc ghost solution suite 2.0 media - marketing information: the industryandquot;s most widely used corporate imaging and deployment solution symantec ghost is a proven trusted and affordable solution for the imaging and management of windows and linux systems. it provides easy-to-use imaging deployment operating system migration software distribution pc personality migration (user data settings and profiles) hardware and software inventory and secure system retirement. product information - software sub type: system management - software name: ghost solution suite v.2.0 - media only - features and benefits: - remote deployment of operating systems and applications with ghost console - sector-based and file-based disk imaging creates file images of any fat ntfs ext2 and ext3 file system - client staging area for storing files and images on the client machines is preserved during a system restore or os migration - fast and easy deployment of new systems migration of user data and settings and system updates - deploy individual files to multiple recipients simultaneously with multicast file transfer - safely retire and dispose of pcs with secure data disposal that meets u.s. department of defense standards - more effective management of image and software deployments with hardware and software inventory - suite contents: - ghost - client migration - deploycenter library license information - license type: media only symantec 35.57|craig knudsen phillip keveren classic gems 2 1. wild rider (schumann) 2. prayer (gurlitt) 3. minuet in ?f? major (mozart) 4. musette in ?d? major (bach) 5. minuet in ?g? minor (bach) 6. toccatina (kabalevsky) 7. minuet in ?f? major (leopold mozart) 8.  25.77
0|monopoly here & now monopoly here and now extends the fun of the classic board game by taking you out of atlantic city and letting you buy some of the best modern real estate. the world has changed amazingly over the last 70 years and this special anniversary edition celebrates monopoly with a new spin on the old game. choose from a range of new movers including a mobile phone roller blade or even a cheeseburger! the rent has rocketed sky high in a much more recognisable london. you can build property in covent garden visit the london eye or make millions in the city. encore 19.95|freeverse software 006 - active lancer (mac 9.1-9.x 10.1 or higher) freeverse software 006 : join the lancer squad in this fast-paced action-packed shooter! a host of weapons special power-ups and tough levels makes active lancer a must-have for arcade addicts. an exciting straight-up vertical scrolling arcade ...  18.97
0|airline tycoon deluxe airline tycoon deluxe is a funny economy simulation proceeding in realtime and assigning you the complete responsibility for an airline. however dont be fooled by the funny comic style or the included jokes: a variety of tasks are requested and your competitors never miss a chance to set a trap for you in order to put a spoke in your wheel. your abilities are put to the test continuously playing airline tycoon deluxe: will you be able to use your aeroplanes to capacity and land some profitable charter flights? can you establish routes for lucrative scheduled flights? aeroplanes cost millions; will you be capable of increasing the share price and obtaining enough funds by the issuing of securities? can you stand up for the construction of new aeroplanes in your role as an engineer? are you able to avoid your competitors deceitful attacks? accept this unusual challenge and win virtual laurels with airline tycoon. the deluxe version contains 20 new airports as well as new opportunities. it is as interesting for professional tycoons as for beginners. topware interactive 19.99|master server-upg   174.99
0|state standards - grade 8 state standards grade 8 has everything you need to help your child succeed. in one package you'll help your son or daughter understand state tests and get passing grades on them. diagnose problem areas improve results and print out progress-monitoring reports. covers everything a child is expected to know when at the 3rd grade level. topics entertainment 29.95|roger mcguinn homespun roger mcguinn's guide to home recording on a computer - basic set-up and advice roger mcguinn made his last grammy-nominated record on a laptop computer. on this dvd he demonstrates for beginners all the steps it takes to record at home from laying down the basic tracks and overdubbing vocal and guitar parts to burning a ...  14.86
0|national geographic presents: redshift 5 planetarium software national geographic redshift 5 turns your personal computer into a personal planetarium! this user-friendly resource provides you with stunning deep-space photography and a guide to the latest discoveries. advanced tracking and visualization tools let you track thousands of asteroids comets and even meteor showers. it's your complete guide to the night skies. study the authoritative content of 100 deep sky objects from the caldwell catalog topics entertainment 39.99|nova development corp art explosion 600000 images art explosion is the brand that computer users everywhre keep coming back to again and again. and for good reason. art explosion products are well-known for unparalleled variety and the highest possible quality. and they offer the kind of truly ...  72.86
0|art (dvd) (pc & mac) the art dvd collects a world of creativity for your perusal. see and feel the emotions of art and the famous (and not so famous) artists who created it all. expand your knowledge of art understand the language of paintings and get truly prepared for your next visit to the art museum! fogware publishing 29.99|pearson education book: the photoshop cs2 book for digital photographers photoshop software book: the photoshop cs2 book for digital photographers by scott kelby the photoshop cs2 book for digital photographers - scott kelby the best-selling photoshop author in the world today once again takes this book to a whole new level as he uncovers ...  44.95
0|hoyle puzzle & board games 2007 over 45 classic puzzle and board games brought to you by hoyle the 1 family entertainment brand. from sudoku to chess to mahjongg there is fun for the whole family. complete with 12 virtual opponents and multiple skill levels. encore software 19.99|j8990a hp procurve mobility manager - ( v. 1.0 ) - license and media - 1 user - win hp j8990a : usually ships in 24 hours : in stock : information technology professionals rely on hp quality to ensure maximum productivity.  1525.72
0|quickstudy u.s. government build social studies skills fast! quickstudy u.s. government provides self-paced interactive and stimulating tutorials to give students a solid educational foundation that will raise grades and test scores. be a quickstudy! improve grades and test scores multimedia learning system makes even the toughest physics concepts come alive great for new learners or students studying for college entrance exams boost grades and test scores! using step-by-step animations real-time quizzes and a fun 3-d interface quickstudy u.s. government gives students the tools they need to master key concepts of american government. take the stress out of high school civics the curriculum-based lessons cover citizenship principles of democracy politics and much more. they have been designed by educators to help students utilize critical thinking skills in an engaging learning environment. 108 engaging lessons 20 skill-building animations 270 interactive quiz questions searchable database with 500+ key concepts topics include: principles of democracy citizenship the civil society the three branches supreme court decisions media influence political campaigns levels of government system requirements for windows windows 98se me xp 266 mhz processor or faster 32 mb ram 500 mb free hard disk space svga monitor 256 colors sound blaster pro-compatible sound card & speakers 4x cd-rom drive printer recommended for printing lessons selectsoft publishing 19.95|910584-001 rumba as/400 edition - ( v. 7.2 ) - upgrade package - 1 processor - tier p60 - c netmanage 910584-001 : usually ships in 24 hours : : rumba as/400 edition provides connectivity from windows desktops to ibm as/400 host applications and databases.  26759.24
0|adobe dreamweaver cs3 upgrade [mac] note: this is the upgrade version of adobe dreamweaver cs3. design develop and maintain websites and web applications--from start to finish--with adobe dreamweaver cs3 upgrade software. built for designers and developers dreamweaver cs3 offers both a visual layout interface and a streamlined coding environment. intelligent integration with related adobe software ensures an efficient workflow across your favorite tools. dreamweaver cs3 offers both a visual layout interface and a streamlined coding environment. the spry framework for ajax lets you add user interface components such as the expandable areas seen in the event information (open) and event directions (closed) regions here. create rich web content a higher standard in web design and development is emerging powered by dreamweaver cs3. create rich dynamic interfaces that tightly weave static structures together with responsive interactivity. use the new spry framework for ajax to develop energetic web experiences that will leave your competition standing still. in other words think deep dream big and then execute flawlessly with the most exciting web design and development tool we've ever devised. maximize efficiency accelerate your workflow with dreamweaver cs3 a faster smoother version of the preferred web design and development tool. drop in flv files add images from adobe photoshop and test your content for mobile devices. create visually or code directly work on your choice of macintosh or windows and enjoy the benefits of intelligent integration with other adobe tools. apply best practices dreamweaver cs3 makes it easy to apply best practices and accepted standards to ensure your websites and applications play well with others. build css-based websites from the ground up with new css layouts the unified css panel and css visualization and management tools. ensure more reliable and consistent performance with the new browser compatibility check. instantly preview your content for pcs mobile devices and print and find fast solutions to browser-specific css issues with the new css advisor website. audience benefit web designers--discover an exceptional web design workflow with adobe dreamweaver cs3 software. design and maintain websites from start to finish with your choice of either a powerful visual design interface or an efficient coding environment. streamline design with helpful css features; preview your pages for pcs mobile devices and print; and easily test pages for browser compatibility. enjoy tight integration with adobe photoshop cs3 flash cs3 professional fireworks cs3 and other adobe tools. web developers--develop more reliable consistent web applications based on universally accepted development standards with adobe dreamweaver cs3. take advantage of support for leading web development technologies including php adobe coldfusion and ajax for both internal and external projects. ensure consistency with helpful css features and automated cross-browser compatibility testing. comments embedded in the code offer tips about how to work with css. top reasons to buy adobe dreamweaver cs3 industry-leading tool take advantage of all the flexibility and power of a world-class web design tool. manipulate pixel-perfect designs in design view craft complex code in code view or do a little of each. work the way you work best. integrated workflows design develop and maintain content within dreamweaver cs3 while taking advantage of intelligent integration with other adobe tools including adobe flash cs3 professional adobe fireworks cs3 adobe photoshop cs3 adobe contribute cs3 and new adobe device central cs3 for creating mobile device content. complete css support discover the advantage of visual css tools that make it easy to view edit and move styles within and between files as well as see how your changes will affect the design. accelerate your workflow with new css layouts and test your design with the new browser compatibility check. integrated coding environment organize and accelerate your coding with code collapse color coding line numbering and a coding toolbar with comment/uncomment and code snippets. apply code hints for html and server languages. support for leading technologies take advantage of support for leading web development technologies including html xhtml css xml javascript ajax php adobe coldfusion asp asp.net and jsp. effortless xml quickly integrate xml content using either xsl or the spry framework for ajax. point to an xml file or xml feed url and dreamweaver cs3 will display its contents enabling you to drag and drop appropriate fields onto your page. adobe flash video support easily add flash video to your web pages in just five clicks with no knowledge of flash required. customize the video environment to match your website. learning resources learn as you go with comprehensive in-product tutorials reference content and instructional templates that make it easy to expand your skill set and adopt the latest technologies. extended dreamweaver community enjoy all the benefits of the extensive dreamweaver community including the online adobe design center and adobe developer center training and seminars developer certification programs user forums and more than 1 000 downloadable extensions available in the dreamweaver exchange. cross-platform support pick your platform: dreamweaver cs3 is available for intel or powerpc based macintosh computers as well as for windows xp and windows vista systems. design in your preferred platform and then deliver across platforms with more reliable consistent and high-performance results. additional features browser compatibility check save time and ensure a more consistent experience across browsers and operating systems with the new browser compatibility check. generate reports that identify css-related issues in a variety of browsers without needing to launch the browsers. css management easily move css code from inline to head from head to external sheet from document to document or between external sheets. cleaning up existing css in older pages has never been easier. css layouts easily incorporate css into your project with the new css layouts. extensive comments in each template explain the layout so beginning and intermediate designers can learn quickly. each template can be customized for your project. spry data integrate data into web pages using xml from an rss feed or a database. integrated data can be easily sorted and filtered. spry widgets easily add common interface components such as lists tables tabs form validation and repeatable regions to web pages with widgets from the spry framework for ajax. spry effects easily add visual transitions to page elements to make them grow shrink fade highlight and more with the spry effects for ajax. adobe 199|palo alto business plan pro 2007 with business plan pro 2007 you get the newest most complete business planning tool available all in one package. with new help resources free tutorials more detailed plan review and much more!  83.99
0|dreamweaver cs3 9 mac ed 1u dreamweaver cs3 9 mac ed 1u adobe education box 199|delorme mapping street atlas usa 2007 plus dvd xx import edit and display your vital contactmanager data get over 140 million us and canadianresidential and business phone listings free print large-format wall maps all the features and capabilities found instandard version  53.37
0|jumpstart 4th-6th grade v 2.0 b43  knowledge adventure 19.99|onone software smartscale software calumet photographic-the photographers catalog: whether you re a photographer graphic designer or printing professional a common problem creative professionals face is having to repurpose for example a postcard sized image for a poster size ...  189.99
0|namco museum 50th anniversary collection namco's museum 50th anniversary museum compiles some of the classic namco arcade games that defined gaming in the 1980s. go back in time and play classics like pac-man galaga dig dug and pole position. the new retro menu interface allows players to explore a virtual arcade hall where each of the game's classics will be standing in its original arcade form. the only difference is this time you don't need a pocket full of quarters! pole position - the milestone in racing games pole position ii - sequel to the original 4 real racetracks - fuji test suzuka and seaside rolling thunder - become secret agent albatross and rescue lelia blitz from the evil geldra bosconian - survive against an army of space stations while avoiding asteroids and other obstacles rally x - players drive around a maze while avoiding chasing cars laying smoke screens and collecting flags dragon spirit - control a powerful dragon through the air harness spells drop bombs and breath fire at enemies sky kid - control a bi-plane and avoid enemy planes using evasive loops while dropping bombs & shooting down other planes xevious - use a heavily armed fighter plane to destroy enemies and targets in the air and on the ground mappy - control mappy the police mouse as he dodges chasing cats to collect valuable items namco video games 19.99|quickbooks(r) premier: accountant edition 2007 quickbooks premier: accountant edition 2007 is an all-in-one bookkeeping write-up and financial reporting tool that helps accounting professionals work efficiently with multiple quickbooks clients.highlights include: support your quickbooks 2007 ...  399.99
0|microsoft licenses isa server lic/sa olp c (e8400294) model-e8400294 vendor- microsoft corporation features- isa server lic/sa olp c microsoft isa server license/software assurance pack. open license program. single processor license. level c. internet security and acceleration (isa) server standard edition is microsoft s internet connection protection tool providing firewall- level security and increased internet connection performance for fast web access and secure connectivity. isa server includes the following features: multi-layer firewall integrated virtual private networking integrated intrusion detection smart application filters advanced authentication client transparency e-mail content screening ssl traffic inspection high-performance web cache distributed and hierarchical caching scheduled content download streaming media support detailed logging built-in reporting microsoft licenses 3210.4|adobe(r) photoshop(r) album 1.0 adobe photoshop album is designed for consumers who are active photo takers using digital cameras. it is an integrated solution to easily and quickly find fix share and protect their lifetime of photos. find: instead of searching through an ...  49.88
0|the sims 2 (mac) the sims was one of the most popular games ever made. in it players micromanage the lives of a family of virtual people or sims and influence their paths toward success or something akin to a nervous breakdown. its open-ended blend of cartoonish behavior and everyday living is unique in an art form otherwise obsessed with carnage and sports. with the sims 2 longtime fans now have a deeper game with lots of ways to customize and share their experiences. the game will also attract first-timers because the goal-oriented gameplay and the luridly fun starter families make it easier to get into the action right out of the box. now sims are born with the traits of their parents families grow and sims grow old. the people in your neighborhood the game starts at the neighborhood level. here you can create a housing development from scratch or start with one of three premade neighborhoods each with its own theme. from there you'll settle on a house and a family of sims to control. create your own sim (above) or your own house (below) from scratch with advanced tools. aside from the basic needs carried over from the previous game sims now have aspirations wants and fears. the wants and fears are the day-to-day things that occupy their minds like wanting to see friends or get married and fearing death or being rejected for a kiss. satisfy their wants and they become more efficient at completing tasks you assign them. realize their fears and sims become lethargic cranky and unresponsive to your commands. aspirations are the big-picture things like raising a family becoming wealthy and gaining knowledge. succeed here and you'll be able to buy odd gifts for your sim to improve his or her life like a money tree that pays dividends or a fountain of youth water cooler. what else is new? of course you wouldn't be able to juggle all that if it weren't for the improved free will option which makes it easier for sims to fulfill their basic needs. the artificial intelligence of the game is noticeably improved; they won't turn on radios just as a family member is going to bed but strangely they do occasionally put their dishes on the floor. another big change in the series is the concept of the lifespan. now sims are born with the traits of their parents families grow and sims grow old. not only does this go hand in hand with aspirations (growing up is the first aspiration that a baby sim will have) it provides a limited time with which your sims can achieve their goals. the universal control panel helps you manage your sim family. a family affair the sims 2 not only lets you create just about any type of sim in any type of family build elaborate houses and even create a neighborhood from scratch but it also allows you to start the game in medias res with premade households. these families all have backstories that are smart spoofs of soap-opera plots--lots of scheming romance ghosts and family fighting. parents of teens shouldn't worry though because nudity is tastefully blurred out and woo-hoo between sims takes place completely under the covers. the esrb has given this a teen rating. if the sims 2 were a film it would likely land between pg and pg-13. the makers have included some nice tools to help share the universe you've created. for example you can capture in-game stills and video to show friends the private moments family interactions and house parties of your sims. you can even package a household to share as a blog or an album on a special web site. the sims 2 is for patient gamers. like life itself the game is filled with mundane details like getting ready for work and doing dishes. the game also demands a level of creativity from its players that the run-and-gun game genres wouldn't know what to do with. but those who stick with it will be rewarded with an absorbing amusing diversion and a virtual family history that they've created themselves. --porter b. hall set up a sims 2 machinima studio amazon.com contributor porter hall reveals how you can make movies using the sims as your actors. see his guide to setting up a sims 2 machinima studio. aspyr media 49.99|iparrot thai/english phrase translator software for ipod ipod software thai/english phrase translator software for ipod the thai/english phrase translator software for ipod from iparrot is the perfect companion for the world traveler and ipod owner. the bilingual phrase translator gives you access to many common ...  19.95
0|ford racing 2 (mac) ford racing 2 is a hectic homage to some of the greatest production cars ever to come out of detroit. get in the driver's seat and take control of legendary ford racing machines! feral interactive 19.99|cakewalk sonar 6 producers edition software music production software sonar 6 producers edition - multi-track audio/midi recorder/editor software with roland v-vocal and lexicon pantheon reverb for windows xp sonar 6 producer edition from cakewalk is fully-featured software for music production designed to cover very ...  459.95
0|sonicwall gms standard edition 10 node license today enterprises and service providers face increasing security challenges in their distributed networks from security and virus attacks to enforcing security policies. as a distributed network grows and branches into multiple subnetworks linked by the internet so does the complexity of managing security appliances security policies and updates. a single flaw in security implementation at any point in the network can expose the entire infrastructure allowing malicious access to important data and files with severe consequences. managing security for distributed networks on a site-by-site basis is time consuming expensive and unreliable putting a big strain on already limited resources. sonicwall global management system (sonicwall gms) standard edition enables distributed enterprises and service providers to manage thousands of sonicwall internet security appliances from a central location with a powerful flexible and intuitive application. sonicwall gms delivers a cost-effective global security management solution that reduces staffing requirements speeds up deployment and lowers the cost of managing security services. sonicwall gms gives administrators the integrated tools to manage all security policies and services throughout a large-scale multiple policy enterprise or service provider environment. administrators can easily configure sonicwall firewall settings deploy vpn to any user and add sonicwall upgrade and subscription services such as gateway anti-virus anti-spyware and intrusion prevention service complete anti-virus and content filtering service with the click of a button. sonicwall 0|zonealarm antivirus 2007 (pc) zonelabs key features: antivirus protection network firewall operating system firewall game mode e-mail security wireless protection ...  29.99
0|route 66 route canada (french) door to door route planning for canada and the us. over 4 000 000 points-of-interest more than 11 500 000 kilometers of road over 75 000 000 house numbers over 6 500 000 streets gps-compatible multi-lingual user interface including french system requirements: power macintosh with mac os x 10.1 powerpc 400 mhz processor 128 mb ram 2.38 gb free hard disk space cd-rom drive 256 colors at 800x600 pixels format: mac 10.1 or higher csdc 0|encore software 13931 - 3d home architect landscape design deluxe version 9 encore software 13931 : encore software 3d home architect landscape design deluxe version 9 - 13931  25.97
0|apple garageband jam pack: remix tools with apple's garageband jam pack: remix tools you can create your own club grooves. this complete set of beats bass lines synth hooks and keyboard riffs is perfect for creating the sounds that get butts shaking on the dance floor. whether you're into hip-hop or house r&b or trance jam pack: remix tools gives you everything you need to create songs that make people move. apple 99|intuit inc quicken home inventory manager quicken home inventory manger makes it easy to prepare for any eventuality by keeping an accurate inventory of your belongings. system requirements: windows 2000/2003/xp/vista ibm or compatible pentium 200(pentium ii 300 reco  29.78
0|paper art: gift wrapping how many times have you heard that it's the thought that counts this is especially true when it comes to giftseven a simple gift thoughtfully presented can bring special joy to the recipient as well as to the giver. this cd is a beautiful guide to gift wrapping. what you need to know about paper and fabric the different tools for special effects basic and advanced techniques for boxes cylinders baskets and bags system requirements for windows windows 98 me 2000 xp 386 or faster 8 mb ram 640x480 monitor 256 colors (16-bit color or better recommended) soundblaster-compatible sound card & speakers 2x cd-rom drive system requirements for macintosh mac os 7.09.2 os x classic mode 8 mb ram 640x480 monitor 256 colors (thousands of colors or better recommended) 2x cd-rom drive arc media inc. 0|emc securid appl mnt - ent/ std 5mo per u 30005-40k - app0040000es5   13
0|microsoft works suite 2006 with something for everyone in your home microsoft works suite 2006 is the ideal combination of six great software titles in one affordable package. microsoft works suite 2006 includes a full version of microsoft word 2002 along with easy-to-use tools for getting organized tracking personal finances planning trips editing and sharing digital photos and interactive learning. in addition to word works suite 2006 includes works 8 money 2006 digital image 2006 encarta encyclopedia 2006 and streets and trips essentials 2006. get everything you need to get things done using your home pc in one package with works suite 2006. whether you're paying bills online or fixing the red-eye in your vacation pictures you can easily find what you need to complete the task. manage your photos plan a trip or make cards. there's something for everyone. getting things done get everything you need to get things done using your home pc in one package with works suite 2006. keep track of budgets research school reports and write them up with automatic spelling and grammar checking. it's a snap to keep everyone in the family in step and informed of the others' activities with powerful organization tools. with works suite 2006 you can create professional-looking letters resumes and school assignments with microsoft word the world's best-selling word-processing software. a versatile calendar and address book helps you manage your household schedule and contacts. with a works spreadsheet you can make calculations create lists and manage inventories. to help you stay on top of day-to-day finances money 2006 can consolidate all your personal account information in one place and even help you to pay bills online and update account balances. when you're ready to hit the road for a family vacation streets and trips 2006 will give you all the tools you need to customize road trips cross-town or cross-country. digital image standard 2006 provides your family with the easy-to-use tools you need to organize enhance and share your digital photos. and with the best-selling multimedia encyclopedia encarta you will always have accurate relevant and age-appropriate information at your fingertips. easy to use microsoft knows that you have better things to do with your time than to learn how to use complicated and time-consuming applications. that's why the applications that are included with works suite 2006 have been designed to make your tasks not only easy to accomplish but enjoyable as well. so whether you're paying bills online or fixing the red-eye in your vacation pictures you can easily find what you need to complete the task. everything you need is located in one place; even complex projects like organizing family get-togethers become fun to do and easily manageable. quickly find and launch programs and projects in one place with the works task launcher and get up and running quickly with the works quick tour. easy-to-use works templates and projects help to take the stress out of managing anything from a weekend getaway to home improvements while organizing and finding photos is quicker and easier with improved file management and viewing functionality. you and your family will discover endless uses in the six great titles included in microsoft works suite 2006. if you are planning a long road trip exploring the possibilities of digital photography or keeping track of your cd collection you'll find something to make the project trouble-free. everyone in the family will find something to love in works suite 2006. microsoft 99|onone software mpr-40211 mask pro 4 1-user - full win xp vista/mac 10.4 or impossible! not anymore with mask pro 4 a comprehensive tool-set designed for creating complex masks and elections inside of adobe photoshop. separate subjects from backgrounds with ease. it doesn t matter if there is hair or glass or smoke mask ... onone software 179.94
0|quicken 2007 premier quicken premier 2007 contains everything in quicken basic and deluxe -- plus tools to monitor your net worth optimize your investments and save on taxes. get the help you need to invest plan and prosper in minutes. track your accounts and investments (stocks bonds mutual funds iras and more) all in one place. download credit card banking and brokerage transactions - quicken works with over 3 500 financial institutions. compare your investment performance to the market indexes and get alerts on tax-saving opportunities to improve after-tax returns. plus you'll explore more tax-efficient investments; and make tax time easier with schedule a b and d tax reports. maximize earnings and minimize tax impact to prepare for college tuition a new home retirement and more intuit 79.95|s71-00009 perfect dark zero - complete package - 1 user - microsoft xbox 360 - dvd - engli microsoft s71-00009 : usually ships in 24 hours : in stock : joanna dark returns in the xbox 360 exclusive perfect dark: zero the prequel to the internationally award-winning and multi-million selling first-person shooter perfect dark from famed ...  34.38
0|notetaker 1.5 notetaker for os x v1.5 - aquaminds software (mac 10.0 or higher) aquaminds 69.99|abacus software ss69 corporate pilot 2 flight simulation corporate pilot 2. ss69 abacus software abacus software 28.99
0|brain food games: cranium collection 2006 back and better than ever / 4 full-version games - hoyle word games - who wants to be a millionaire - professor fuji's sudoku & smart games challenge 2 over 600 new and more complex questions multiple choice answers complete the millionaire game play experience - feel like you're actually in the hot seat fastest finger contest and two-player action provide extra fun for you and you family and friends all-new lifeline options provide more than 15 wacky phone-a-friend characters professor fuji's sudoku - 1 000 puzzle grids in 3 different levels cheat mode boss-hide key and a built-in timer make this sudoku game perfect for beginners and experts alike printable puzzles allow you to take sudoku on-the-go smart games challenge 2 - loaded with over 1 400 new puzzles to stimulate strengthen and sharpen your brain logic perception word trivia and strategy puzzles offer hundreds of levels of difficulty for brains of all sizes exercise your brain with quirky puzzles like brain candy mass transit leap frog and say what? - guaranteed to bewilder bamboozle and boggle your mind system requirements - windows 2000 sp4/xp (home& pro) sp2 pentium iii 450 mhz processor or faster 64 mb ram (128 mb ram for xp) 400 mb of free hard-disk space 8x cd-rom or faster quicktime 7.0 (included on cd) directx 9.0c (included on cd) 32 mb directx 9.0c compatible video card capable of displaying 800 x 600 x 16 bit colors directx 9.0c compatible 16-bit sound card mouse and keyboard microsoft internet explorer 5.5 or higher encore 19.95|madeline rainy day activities bonjour! it's far too cold and wet to play outside- but don't worry- madeline is here! there are lots of fun things to do in madeline's room. you can make a mask create a silly story paint a masterpiece and more! skills covered: reading shapes ...  9.95
0|cakewalk sonar home studio 6 cakewalk sonar home studio 6 takes your music further faster than ever. musicians on a budget don't have to sacrifice features for affordability anymore -- sonar 6 provides you with tools that let you perfect your tracks. record and mix at the highest possible quality with a range of powerful features that adapts to your unique style of music creation. at every step of your production -- from composing with virtual instruments to recording mixing and beyond -- you'll fast forward your music production. sonar home studio 6 introduces cakewalk publisher a new tool that helps users publish and present their music online. cakewalk publisher allows sonar home studio customers to create a customized online streaming music player with playlists of their music that can then be directly uploaded from sonar home studio to band websites myspace pages and other internet sites. 10 new professional audio effects. active controller technology (act) lets users easily control and automate effects instruments and their mix from midi controllers by automatically remapping controls to whatever has the focus. rip from and burn to cd directly from sonar home studio. automate tracks effects and instruments easily with enhanced automation tools. midi input quantize corrects the timing of midi performances in real-time. freeze tracks effects and virtual instruments to conserve cpu power. native and fully integrated support for vst plug-ins no wrapper required dropzone sampler with extended library of instrument sounds including a drum pack and bass pack cakewalk publisher lets users present and stream their music on the internet cakewalk 139|emc auth mgr mnt base 9x5 22m per/u 3505-5000 u - aut0005000bs22   18
0|buku karkuro if you enjoy 'sudoku' then you will go crazy for 'buku kakuro'! generate millions of logic games with the click of your mouse and decipher puzzles that vary in size and complexity. use the 'hint' function to display possible moves 'undo' to backtrack as needed and 'solve' to display answers one by one until the game is complete. a 'pen & pencil' option even lets you distinguish unsure versus certain moves! themes include tastes of the orient exotic shores and serene vista. create and solve any kakuro puzzle -- even those found online and in newspapers! you can even save and print any kakuro. topware interactive 19.99|global marketing partners mcid - global marketing magicard id professional software - educational software - complete product global marketing partners mcid : magicard id professional badging software for magicard opera 100 and avalon 100 printers. includes unlimited database entries (magicard id standard limited to 50 entries) and database import/export. magicard id ...  210.97
0|finale 2006 (pc & mac) finale 2006 provides you with robust tools unlimited options and total control. with more power and speed than ever before finale offers endless possibilities for composing arranging hearing and printing your music. the original groundbreaking notation software introduces new features that nurture and fuel creativity. finale 2006 includes revolutionary tools for teaching students how to create evaluate and shape ideas into songs arrangements and compositions. band-in-a-box auto harmonizing with rhythm section generator & instant drum grooves smart hyphens engraver slurs & note spacing tools automatic expression placement lyric placement & word extensions share your music online with finale showcase & finale notepad import or embed graphics into your sheet music easy pickin's with the tablature/fretboard tools emedia 600|quicken(r) quickbooks(r) microsoft money(r) and simply money(r) laser checks compatible with your laser or inkjet printer!guaranteed smooth processing through your laser or inkjet printer. designed to withstand high heat without curling. available in blue green tan or maroon.compatible with all versions of quicken and ...  106.29
0|phonics success deluxe 2006 (large box) from learning consonants vowels and their assembly into words phonics is a cognitive approach to reading. using 11 actrivity-based lessons your child can learn to read easily and actually find reading to be fun. it's a great way to stimulate and extend an active approach to reading throughout your child's life. topics entertainment 49.99|nuance communications 6309a-g03-11.0 textbridge pro 11 5u license xp 2000 me nt 98 95 nuance communications 302.11
0|pdf converter 4 scansoft pdf converter 4 instantly converts pdf files into documents spreadsheets and forms that look exactly like the original - complete with all formatting and graphics! information is set free to be edited and integrated into your documents. superior formatting image-only pdf handling and page-range selection mean you'll save more time than ever before. pdf converter works within the applications that you use every day including microsoft word excel and outlook as well as corel wordperfect. if you need more from pdf than paper trapped behind glass - then you need pdf converter! instantly converts pdf files into documents forms and spreadsheets. files will look just like the original - complete with text columns tables and graphics. includes pdf converter assistant to select page or range of pages to convert. pdf converter works within the applications that you use every day including microsoft word excel and outlook as well as corel wordperfect. pdf converter can even be used to extract charts and graphs from pdf files so they can be reused in microsoft powerpoint and other applications with cut-and-paste ease! pdf converter lets you turn static pdf forms into editable microsoft word forms with a single mouse click. pdf converter was developed in collaboration with microsoft so it seamlessly integrates with the applications you use every day - microsoft word outlook internet explorer and windows explorer. nuance 49.95|tony trischka homespun video bluegrass banjo tunes & techniques a top player teaches how earl scruggs and the other bluegrass masters get their distinctive sound. tony trischka teaches and analyzes ten essential bluegrass tunes. bonus: audio backup tracks for great practice sessions. early intermediate level. ...  22.13
0|myinvoices & estimates deluxe myinvoices and estimates deluxe makes ite asier to handle one of the most important elements of your business: the invoices and estimates. get them wrong and you don't get paid. get them right and you'll ensure that your business maintains the cash flow it needs to grow. let myinvoices & estimates deluxe effectively manage your billing and cash collection by creating professional accurate invoices and estimates in minutes. avanquest software 39.95|adobe acrobat (v8.0) pro win up from std - adobe - 22020452 communicate and collaborate with the essential pdf solution adobeacrobat 8 professional software enables business professionals toreliably create combine and control adobe pdf documents for easy more secure distribution collaboration and data ...  151.27 gbp
0|mom standard ops mgmt lic 2005 english mlp 5 oml mom standard ops mgmt lic 2005 eng mlp 5 oml microsoft 0|apple software m9301z/b soundtrack v1.2 produce music with thousands of loops and effects! soundtrack brings the art of music composing to everyone. with minimal cost and effort you can produce custom music to your video dvd or web project. you wont need to license a song or hire a ... apple software 199
0|home budget for dummies get your finances in shape and start managing your money the right away! product information the interactive software for effectively managing your budget. with home budget for dummies you can organize and manage your accounts stress free! it is as easy as abc - indicate your sources of revenue and their frequency organize your cash flows and picture the state of your budget with graphics to assist you. the popular for dummies series if finally available to your computer! no more never-ending installation confusing instructions and wasted hours trying to make the software work! this user friendly software can help you with your everyday computing needs. the computer software made easy for everyone! educational feature find out how to establish and follow a budget assess your regular income recurring expenses and needs. plan for your long-term finances based on priorities and goals you set for yourself. resolve your financial concerns get a handle on your debts and resolve your overspending problems. choose the right financial plans and effectively manage your investments so that you make a profit on your savings. manage your accounts more easily what bank should you choose how can you reduce your expenses how do you lower your taxes discover useful tips and tricks for managing your personal finances more effectively. establish your budget in mere minutes use the wizard to easily set up your budget one step at a time. immediately check your balance by viewing the software's automatic budget calculation. develop your financial plan use the planning tool to organize your expenses according to your cash flow. plan your financial future and visualize your budget for the upcoming weeks months and years. get the best financial information use your internet connection to quickly and easily access the best web sites for financial information and advice online. keyfeatures include hel atari 0|corel ulead videostudio 11 video editing and dvd authoring software for windows authoring software videostudio 11 video editing and dvd authoring software for windows special offer the videostudio 11 video editing and dvd authoring software for windows from corel ulead is a great way to get started editing your home movies and burning them onto ...  89.95
0|stationery design studio stationary design studio is the perfect tool creating great-looking stationary that fits your business or personal needs. add elements of design photos and personlized text and fonts to print out attractive unique personal documents. \'  summit software 19.99|kids power fun for kids disney/pixar's a bug's life action game it's a swarm of furious fun based on the hit film disney/pixar's a bug's life. you'll enjoy hours of exciting gameplay as you assume the identity of our animated hero flik recruiting a brave bug band of ...  15.9
0|middle school advantage 2008 middle school advantage 2008 delivers award-winning content that supplements what your child learns in class. in-depth lessons with sample problems and questions teach reinforce and track student progress in the core subjects. it was specially developed to supplement classroom curriculum by including award-winning content that support state standards. encore 39.99|daceasy(tm) 4.0-4.2 compatible continuous inventory invoices compatible with daceasy(tm) versions 4.0-4.2.form size: 9 1/2in. x 7in..  241.99
0|kaplan sat/act/psat platinum 2007 win/mac kaplan has helped more than 3 million students score higher on admission exams and get into the nation's top colleges and universities. kaplan's effective program of practice review and test-taking strategies has made higher score sat act psat the bestselling test prep software brand. you wil score higher. completely redesigned for the new sat changes to the sat for 2006: verbal section renamed critical reading elimination of verbal section analogy questions paragraph-length critical reasoning questions added to the critical reading section algebra ii material added to the math section quantitative comparisons eliminated from the math section new 2-part writing section featuring essay & multiple-choice sub-sections new 2400 perfect sat score (800 per critical reading math & writing sections) essential review offers a critical second look at exam sub-sections providing supplemental strategies and study materials. kaplan guidebooks: straight talk about paying for college parent's guide to college admissions topics entertainment 49.99|c7s-00024 windows live onecare - ( v. 1.5 ) - complete package - 3 pcs - cd - win - englis microsoft c7s-00024 : usually ships in 24 hours : in stock : are you tired of spending time trying to protect and maintain your computer? are you worried that you're still not doing everything you should to keep it safe and running at optimal ...  38.64
0|total 3d home & landscape design suite version 9 total 3d home & landscape is designed for the homeowner not an architect or contractor. use it to create the perfect living space. create sample garden & landscape plans -- or save time and money with pre-designed landscape plans. simply drag and drop smart yardblocks to create an entire lawn deck pool and more. view your design in full color and easily identify furniture plants windows fences and more in your design. scan & trace blueprints easily make changes to an existing design. keep your yard looking beautiful with irrigation systems. whether you're designing your dream home remodeling a kitchen or bathroom or creating the ideal outdoor living space you'll have all the tools and inspiration you need. over 14 000 ready-to-build sample home plans on dvd 2 500 designer showrooms provide inspiration and ideas for your home research and select from over 4 600 plants to include in your design real-photo dynamic imaging for superior realism individual software 39.99|apple software m9372z/a final cut express 2.0 upgrade now optimized for the power mac g5 and mac os x panther apples feature-rich dv editing software is designed for the complete beginner aspiring filmmaker educator and experienced dv editor alike. create professional-quality video with final cut ... apple software 79.99
0|hp dss software - ( v. 4.0 ) - complete package ( t1936aa ua0 ) - marketing information: hp digital sending software 4.0 improves core business processes. digital sending streamlines critical business document handling and integrates with existing it infrastructures to maximize return mitigate risk and improve performance. product information - software sub type: document management - software name: digital sending software 4.0 - complete product - features and benefits: improve business efficiency: - shed those pounds of paper: hp dss 4.0 is the link you need between your hp multifunction and stand-alone digital sending devices and electronic distribution and storage - the key to a streamlined document capture-process-route system. the software integrates paperwork quickly into existing electronic workflows so your documents are processed sooner become more flexible and remain more readily available. - easily integrate into your existing infrastructure: the software leverages existing it infrastructure - network authentication e-mail addresses and fax services - for an increased return on your it investment. - simplify e-mail addessing with ldap: ldap (lightweight directory access protocol) support enhances the embedded send to e-mail capability of hp multifunction and stand-alone digital sending devices allowing access to company directory information such as e-mail addresses and distribution lists. this information is constantly updated and allows users to auto-complete e-mail addresses at the device. - index right hewlett packard (consumables) 630.36|bling software limited 873172050209 - safekeeper plus - win 2000 xp bling software limited 873172050209 : safekeeper plus is the first software product that offers total protection for both your family and computer. it s the only product to offer the kid safe blocker family watchdog and safety shield. safekeeper ...  35.97
0|intervideo dvd copy 5 express dvd copy 5 express gives you fast dvd-copying and file-conversion software. in just three steps you'll copy videos to most popular formats and now directly to your psp or ipod. make 1:1 copies of your favorite films in no time at all. copying movies has never been more simple! corel 29.99|software measurement and estimation: a practical approach an effective quantitative approach for estimating and managing software projects how many people do i need? when will the quality be good enough for commercial sale? can this really be done in two weeks? rather than relying on instinct the authors ...  73.54
0|airline tycoon deluxe airline tycoon deluxe is a funny economy simulation proceeding in realtime and assigning you the complete responsibility for an airline. however dont be fooled by the funny comic style or the included jokes: a variety of tasks are requested and your competitors never miss a chance to set a trap for you in order to put a spoke in your wheel. your abilities are put to the test continuously playing airline tycoon deluxe: will you be able to use your aeroplanes to capacity and land some profitable charter flights? can you establish routes for lucrative scheduled flights? aeroplanes cost millions; will you be capable of increasing the share price and obtaining enough funds by the issuing of securities? can you stand up for the construction of new aeroplanes in your role as an engineer? are you able to avoid your competitors deceitful attacks? accept this unusual challenge and win virtual laurels with airline tycoon. the deluxe version contains 20 new airports as well as new opportunities. it is as interesting for professional tycoons as for beginners. topware interactive 19.99|sony creative software sfas9000 - sound forge audio studio 9 sony creative software sfas9000 : sony media software sound forge audio studio 9. audio editing and production software sound forge audio studio software is the easiest way to record edit encode and master audio on your home computer. record live ...  53.97
0|adobe acrobat capture 100 000 page pack adobe acrobat capture for windows v3.0 100k/pp. replacement 100k page dongle. adobe 1514.99|22101180 adobe acrobat capture page pack - license - 100000 pages - win adobe systems 22101180 : usually ships in 24 hours : in stock : adobe acrobat capture software teams with your scanner to let you convert volumes of paper documents into fully searchable adobe portable document format (pdf) files.  1113.53
0|webexpress webexpress (win 95 98) ingram micro 69.99|viacad 2d/3d (win 2000 xp vista) punch! viacad 2d/3d is a new precision design program with the power of multi thousand dollar cads. with it's state of the art 2d/3d patent pending user interface that seamlessly toggles between 2d & 3d and logicursor? technology that thinks as you ...  99.95
0|cadopia 6 standard edition by cadopia cadopia 6 standard edition win xp 2k nt 4.0 global marketing partners 295|anti-spyware 3.0 win normal 1u - new trend micro anti-spyware 3.0 win normal 1 user - new 1u  24.99
0|audio success suite edition:sales success the audio success series is a premium line of personal productivity recordings featuring acclaimed content from renowned motivators and success coaches and designed for people on the move. ever wished you could take time out of your hectic business schedule to attend the in-person seminars led by the nation's top sales gurus and motivational speakers with sales success on audio cd you'll have dynamic access to four of today's most influential sales motivators any time you want! if you can play a compact disc sales success can provide practical steps to power-up your influence while building and expanding your client relationships. format: win 98 topics entertainment 19.95|view video antonio carlos jobim antonio carlos jobim -an all-star tribute direct from brazil in his last recorded performance jobim is joined by herbie hancock joe henderson gonzalo rubalcaba ron carter shirley horn and jon hendricks for intoxicating renditions of unforgettable melodies like ?the girl from ipanema&rd  14.86
0|live bingo  imagination international corp 0|microsoft(r) works suite 2006 with six great microsoft products in one affordable package microsoft works suite 2006 has something for everyone. a great home pc starter kit this suite includes:microsoft works 8encarta(r) encyclopedia standard 2006digital image standard ...  99.99
0|simple movie maker lights!&nbsp; camera!&nbsp; interactive!product informationthe leap from camcorder photography to cinematic presentation is really a simplestep with simple movie maker the novice-friendly editing software that puts youin the director's chair. effortlessly topics entertainment 19.99|millies math house develop fundamental early math skills with millie and friends  9.9
0|steinberg halion symphonic orchestra virtual instrument (academic version) halion symphonic orchestra puts the awesome emotive power and sheer sonic majesty of a full symphonic orchestra under your total control. evocative scores exquisite arrangements emotive accompaniments: hso is the ideal cost effective symphonic instrument for composition production and pre-production in music tv and film scoring and game sound. &nbsp; the luxuriously extensive content provided on three double layer dvds spans over 1200 instruments recorded in the very highest fidelity using top-of-the-range equipment. capturing every nuance and detail of a full palette and dynamic range of strings brass woodwind and percussion instruments the massive 27gb library includes an almost inexhaustible range of articulations and expressive playing techniques. and because the vast hso library is uniquely versatile halion symphonic orchestra sounds just as great in an rnb production as in a baroque chamber piece. feature highlights: complete symphonic orchestra with breathtakingly authentic strings brass woodwind and percussion 1250 instrument patches and combis in 27gb of samples extraordinarily expressive with full dynamic range covering all common articulations of each instrument richly detailed and perfectly balanced sound with adjustable real recorded ambience extremely versatile for all styles from baroque to rnb and everything in between outstanding playability and instant access to all the most important parameters efficient use of... steinberg 374.99|765205-011793 beyond contacts - ( v. 3.0 ) - license - 10 users - win palm os dataviz 765205-011793 : usually ships in 24 hours : : beyond contacts provides everything you need in one package to manage your outlook data for calendar contacts tasks and notes on your handheld down to the very last detail! this powerful ...  279.08
0|hallmark blank greeting cards half-fold matte premium 20 count 20 sheet count / 5 1/2 x 8 1/2 nova development 12.99|5325301871 snap appliance snap care - snap enterprise data replicator technical support - c adaptec 5325301871 : usually ships in 24 hours : : snap care service programs continually offer the latest operating system software features and product enhancements for snap server systems.  377.06
0|civil air patrol: search & rescue civil air patrol: search & rescue encapsulates all aspects of real civil air patrol missions. you'll become of the cap's 58 000 members and help them handle disaster relief in post-hurricane south. you'll fly these cap aircraft: cessna 182t with garmin 1000 glass panel and the maule mx-260. abacus 29.99|wingnuts 2: raina's revenge system requirements: mac os x 10.4+ g4/g5/intel 800+ mhz cpu 512 mb ram 32 mb video card 950 mb hard drive space  28.99
0|cakewalk sonar 6 studio sonar 6 studio is designed to take you from inspiration to masterpiece faster than ever before. at every step of your production -- from composing with virtual instruments to recording mixing and beyond -- sonar gives you the professional tools and inspiring canvas that adapt to your unique style of music creation. at last project studios and musicians on a budget don't have to sacrifice features for affordability because sonar 6 studio edition is built upon the same core feature set and pristine 64-bit double precision engine as sonar 6 producer edition. fast forward your music production today with the unmatched music creation tools and sonic clarity of sonar 6. analyst spectrum analyzer read/write controls for tracks and plug-ins enable automation during playback and record & visual automation cues clip editing enhancements including lock to time fast zoom enables fast precise edits without losing your place mouse wheel support for parameter control and zoom crash recovery safeguards your projects against faulty plug-ins and other sources of crashes score video with video thumbnail track in track view back up projects with time/date stamps for easy access to old versions make your own user interface - put favorite features right at your fingertips user-customizable plug-in menus for easy organization and grouping friendly driver naming -- user-customizable audio hardware port names custom color schemes with saturation hue and brightness controls and color categories for easy customization cakewalk 369|freeverse software 7001 - burning monkey solitaire 4.0 - mac 10.3.9 or later ub freeverse software 7001 : the latest iteration of the popular mac solitaire series. play freecell klondike pyramid and now over thirty solitaire variants with joke-telling apes singing gorillas flatulent orangutans and the hairiest primates ...  22.97
0|mavis beacon teaches typing deluxe 16 mavis beacon teaches typing 16 deluxe offers typing instruction that suits your professional routine. it features 20 new practice lessons including new html documents. with over 150 new topics to choose from you'll find the topics that interest you and start boosting your typing skills. type faster and reduce keyboarding errors in as little as 15 minutes a day! download lessons to your palm os device to practice on the go choice of english or spanish instructions broderbund 39.99|strategy first inc. great invasions great invasions plunges you back into the dark age of europe when barbarian tribes and nation states quarreled & warred. lead armies in the epic conquest of europe -- by force or diplomacy your dominance must be established. conquer your opponents ...  34.07
0|microsoft office small business 2007 full version microsoft office small business 2007 is a powerful and easy-to-use suite of productivity and contact management software with new tools to help you save time stay organized and deliver better customer service. comprised of the 2007 versions of excel word powerpoint publisher and outlook with business contact manager this software package empowers you to create professional looking documents and presentations build powerful spreadsheets and manage your e-mail messages calendar and contacts. the new look and feel of the 2007 microsoft office system automatically displays the menus and toolbars you need when you need them. view larger. tasks are easy to follow up on because they are included on the new to-do bar and within outlook reminders. you can also drag tasks onto your calendar. view larger. you can customize the new information dashboard in office outlook 2007 with business contact manager to display your sales pipeline. view larger. business contact manager also combines contact customer and project information in one place. view larger. create preview and send personalized e-mail publications with office publisher 2007 using new e-mail merge. view larger. in addition outlook with business contact manager integrates powerful contact management features into outlook that allow you to access and track all customer information and communications in a central location. with improved menus and tools enhanced graphics and formatting capabilities new time and communication management tools and more reliability and security the small business 2007 package makes it easier and more enjoyable for you to get things done at home or at work. which edition of office is right for you? view a comparison of microsoft office 2007 editions. work more efficiently and effectively the more intuitive look and feel coupled with the improved tools make small business 2007 the ideal software system to help you work faster to complete routine tasks and create more professional documents spreadsheets and presentations. task-based menus and toolbars automatically display the commands and options you can use making it faster and easier to find the software features you need. thanks to the instant search function to save you time junk mail and anti-phishing filters to protect the security of your computer and new graphics capabilities to help you produce publication-ready documents (complete with logo colors fonts and business information) this software can increase both your productivity and efficiency while giving you more time to spend with your customers. and to help minimize time-wasting future edits the live preview feature makes it easy to sample your changes before you apply them. office excel 2007 makes it easy to analyze data. view larger. improved time management when work is busy it's sometimes difficult to stay on-top of appointments and tasks. this is why small business 2007 lets you schedule tasks in outlook that will appear on your calendar while the to-do bar presents a consolidated view of tasks calendar information and e-mail messages flagged for follow-up. to help effectively manage your time take advantage of the templates and tools in word all of which make it easier to reuse content so you don't have to start from scratch whenever you create a new document. and keeping track of important information is a snap thanks to new excel tools for filtering sorting and visualizing information to help you find and analyze business data more effectively. manage contact and customer information in one place to help you manage contact and customer information outlook with business contact manager includes a complete contact management solution for small businesses that helps you deliver better customer service. this software enables you to organize all of your contact prospect and customer information so it's easier to manage prospects respond to customers and manage your sales process in one place. enhanced reporting features include over 50 reports that you can easily modify for your unique business needs and new filtering capabilities help you forecast and close sales. you can also record all types of communications with a customer in one place-- including all e-mail phone calls appointments notes and documents-- and view a consolidated view of your sales pipeline by using a variety of flexible reports that you can easily modify for your unique business needs. you also can track and manage project tasks and even transfer tasks to coworkers. for added flexibility you can work offline on your laptop or pocket pc and then synchronize data when you return to the office. including charts in office powerpoint 2007 is easy. view larger. produce professional-looking marketing materials and campaigns in-house small business 2007 makes it a snap to manage the entire marketing process so you save the time and expense of hiring an outside service. create and distribute professional-looking marketing materials and campaigns for print e-mail and the web by using publisher. then use outlook with business contact manager and publisher together to track and manage marketing campaign activities including compiling mailing lists distributing materials and tracking your results. you also can access the library of customizable templates in powerpoint to create professional-looking presentations that enhance your business identity. if you need to merge information from multiple sources combine and filter mailing lists and data from excel outlook outlook with business contact manager and access to create personalized print and e-mail materials and build customized collateral such as catalogs and datasheets. dynamic presentations one of the most effective ways to inspire both employees and customers is to impress them with a dynamic presentation. with its extensive library of customizable themes and slide layouts powerpoint helps you to create powerful charts smartart graphics and tables while giving you the time-saving option of quickly previewing formatting changes so your final result is ready to go. you can also use the pdf file format for easier document distribution and high-quality printing. no matter what you need to help your business thrive small business 2007 can make it possible. microsoft 449.95|amherst media book: digital darkroom guide with photoshop photoshop software book: digital darkroom guide with photoshop by maurice hamilton with the myriad special effects made possible with adobe photoshop you can easily lose sight of the bigger picture and the quality of your image. author maurice hamilton in digital ...  29.95
0|adobe acrobat capture 3.0 ( 22101258 ) convert large volumes of paper documents to searchable adobe pdf adobe(r) acrobat(r) capture(r) 3.0 software is a professional production tool that teams with your scanner to convert volumes of paper documents into searchable adobe portable document format (pdf) files. accurate ocr advanced page and content recognition and powerful cleanup tools let you turn all your important paper-based information into high-quality electronic documents ready for publication via the web intranets extranets cd-rom and more. sophisticated productivity features streamline processing from start to finish so you can get your jobs done more efficiently than ever. adobe 299.99|83076 smarterm enterprise suite - ( v. 12.1 ) - upgrade license - 1 user - win esker software 83076 : usually ships in 24 hours : : smarterm terminal emulation software provides the high-level security features your business needs to protect sensitive host data including ssl and ssh encryption and sftp and scp for secure ...  146.42
0|talk now! learn dutch the fast fun and easy way to learn dutch! test your knowledge with quizzes and a challenging memory game. plus even compare your pronunciation to native speakers! eurotalk interactive 29.95|emc auth mgr mnt ent/std9x5 2m per/u 20005-25000u - aut0025000es2   12
0|final draft 7 professional scriptwriting win/mac use your creative energy to focus on the content; let final draft take care of the style. final draft is the number-one selling word processor specifically designed for writing movie scripts television episodics and stage plays. it combines powerful word processing with professional script formatting in one self-contained easy-to-use package. there is no need to learn about script formatting rules - final draft automatically paginates and formats your script to industry standards as you write. final draft 7 combines powerful word processing with professional script formatting in one all-purpose screenwriting tool. use your creative energy to create the story that burns inside you. final draft handles the technical details - all you have to supply is the heart. format assistant checks for and fixes common errors - missing dialogue extra spaces blank elements etc. break down your final draft scripts to their fundamental components and export them with the tagger tool no more retyping your scripts over and over -- export them to pdf format and share them with anyone built-in script registry - online wgaw registry service helps you protect your scripts import/export from any word processor new index card functions new stand-alone application that enables you to ?tag? elements of a script [cast costumes props etc.] and export the results into any movie scheduling software. created with the help of veteran assistant directors producers and unit production managers tagger means no more going over a paper script again and again with highlighters. over 2 dozen new templates customizable reports format assistant improved final draft courier font final draft 289.99|5325302018 snap enterprise data replicator - license - 1 server - linux unix win adaptec 5325302018 : usually ships in 24 hours : : snap edr is a high-performance network-optimized software solution for distributing protecting and reporting on business-critical information throughout distributed enterprises.  663.22
0|wingnuts 2 (mac)  freeverse software 29.99|121744 diskeeper 2007 pro premier edition - complete package - 5 workstations - dvd - w executive software international 121744 : usually ships in 24 hours : in stock : diskeeper pro premier provides unparalleled peak performance for power users and high-powered workstation computing delivering the ultimate high performance to those ...  426.58
0|mariner calc speadsheet (mac) mariner calc is spreadsheet software designed to aid users in analyzing simulating and forecasting numerical data. simpler to use and absorbing far less memory than microsoft excel mariner calc adds new options through its use of multiple layers in a single document. the software also features spreadsheets as large as 32 000 rows by 32 000 columns for analyzing large data sets and graphics and drawing tools to enhance the appearance of your documents. you'll also get 15 chart types dynamic scrolling an 80 000-plus-word dictionary and mac drag-and-drop functionality that offers an attractive alternative to cutting copying and pasting. in addition the multiple undo feature lets you trace your last nine steps. and most importantly mariner calc opens microsoft excel documents with ease giving you a streamlined alternative when building spreadsheet files. mariner software 59.99|re:launch piano wizard premier software & stickers & midi cable piano wizard? is an amazingly simple pc video game that teaches virtually anyone to play the piano in minutes. includes software 200 songs/lessons colored stickers and usb/midi cable to connect a midi keyboard. add 1000?s of songs with the p  113.86
0|business card composer (mac) business card composer lets you create do-it-yourself business cards can beat professional ones. it's the best tool to create and print excellent business cards calling cards and badges. whatever your profession or interests you'll communicate with people and improve your image! belight software 39.99|makemusic finale 2007 academic create edit and print sheet music finale 2007 for macintosh g4 or higher recommended. os 10.3.9 and higher. cd or dvd-rom drive. 800x600 minimum monitor resolution. minimum 256mb ram (1gb or more recommended for optional use of garritan sounds / kontakt player: more ram = more ...  269
0|sunset boulevard contains the following songs: 1. as if we never said goodbye 2. too much in love to care 3. with one look 4. the perfect year 5. unexpected song 6. any dream will do 7. close every door to me 8. love changes everything 9. i don't know how to love him 10. don't cry for me argentina yamaha 31.95|01-ssc-6639 sonicwall email compliance subscription - subscription license ( 1 year ) - 1 se sonicwall 01-ssc-6639 : usually ships in 24 hours : : the face of e-mail threats has evolved dramatically in recent years.  176.38
0|talk now! learn afrikaans - beginning level talk now! beginners afrikaans is the perfect way to study a new language. it operates on multiple levels to create an immersive learning experience. through vocabulary lessons and cultural exercises you'll develop a solid afrikaans vocabulary -- and you'll have fun too! eurotalk 29.99|freeverse software 4012 - 3d bridge deluxe (retail box) (mac 9.1-9.x 10.1 or higher) freeverse software 4012 : 3d bridge deluxe is a great way for beginners to learn the game with its own tutorials that will give you enough of the basics to play online with real people and get rankings on the gamesmith game server. what are you ...  22.97
0|insight pwr mgr no media 1ltu information technology professionals rely on hp quality to ensure maximum productivity. as the power of applications processors memory adapters and storage devices increases high-end computer users are seeking ways to optimize their system performance. hp provides leading solutions adding new levels of performance availability flexibility and management. hewlett packard 0|word mac 2004 upgrade - microsoft - d48-00488 microsoft word 2004 for mac brings a new generation of productivity and creativity tools to one of the most powerful word processors for mac users. for instance the word notebook view lets you quickly take notes search and flag relevant ...  97.36 gbp
0|brain food games: cranium collection 2006 brain food games cranium collection 2006 encore 19.95|jumpstart advanced 1st grade knowledge adventure key features: four cd set enhances education over 50 skills reviewed special features ...  19.99
0|zend studio 5.1 (win/mac) zend studio 5 is the only integrated development environment (ide) available for professional developers that encompasses all the development components necessary for the full php application lifecycle. through a comprehensive set of editing debugging analysis optimization and database tools zend studio 5 speeds development cycles and simplifies complex projects. view your database structure and manage content with zend sql explorer advanced debugging features for local or remote php debugging manage source code effectively using cvs or subversion directly from within zend studio zend technologies inc. 299|software reliability and testing by hoang pham 9780818668524 pham presents 14 recent papers that provide an overview of the latest software reliability models testing techniques and applications. the papers on software reliability describe applications of software reliability growth modeling to software ...  38.95
0|humorous greeting card factory humorous greeting card factory is a versatile new card design tool that helps you bring your loved ones a laugh! an explosion of creative output is just waiting to happen -- all you need to set it off is humorous greeting card factory! nova development 29.99|calendar creator 10 discover the creative way to manage your time. select and customize a professionally designed calendar layout or design your calendar from scratch. calendar creator 10 puts you in command of your busy schedule without compromising personal style. ...  30.92
0|punch 5 in 1 home design 5 in 1 home design is a fully integrated 3-d home design product that includes ultimate deck realmodel 3d home landscaping and furniture design software. punch's 3-d photorealistic technology allows users to fly through their entire design while enjoying great views from any angle.use the 3d home exterior & interior design program to view your home in thousands of subtle paint color choices or design walk-out basements and split-level designs with the slope tool. when you're ready to landscape your home design just add your plantings to your existing file. the software lets you landscape without redrawing your house plan. your results are rendered in high-resolution 3-d complete with shadows just like a photograph.design the perfect deck for your home plan with ultimate deck. multilevel or multistory decks with 3-d photorealistic textures stairs railings object placement and color capabilities give you the ability to design exactly the deck you want. deck wizards walk you through railings baluster options and more. also create objects from scratch or modify furniture from the included library. change colors fabrics patterns textures and more then use your creations to furnish your home plan. punch! software 39.99|encore inc spongebob squarepants - typing fun now young typists can dive right into the only step-by-step keyboarding program that?s awash with waterlogged hilarity and all their favorite spongebob friends! system requirements: windows minimum requirements: windows 98 me 2000  17.1
0|sonicwall global vpn client - license ( 01-ssc-5310 ) license - - 1 user(s) - standard - pc handheld sonic systems inc. 0|microsoft windows xp pro sp2 retail   299.99
0|researchsoft endnote 9 student edition for students [old version] endnote 9 win student edition - for students only isi researchsoft 109.99|23102459dg adobe photoshop cs3 - ( v. 10 ) - media - gov - tlp - download - win - worldwide adobe systems 23102459dg : usually ships in 24 hours : : adobe photoshop cs3 software accelerates your path from imagination to imagery.  21.28
0|microsoft onenote 2007 office onenote 2007 is a digital notebook that provides one place to gather notes and information powerful search capabilities to find what you're looking for quickly and easy-to-use shared notebooks to help manage information overload and work with others more effectively. as an integrated part of the 2007 microsoft office system onenote 2007 makes it easy to gather organize find and share your notes and information more efficiently and effectively. powerful search capabilities can help you locate information from text within pictures or from spoken words in audio and video recordings. and easy-to-use collaborative tools help teams work together with all of this information in shared notebooks whether online or offline. plus the familiar look and feel of the microsoft office system makes it easy to start using the program right away minimizing wasted time and training costs. gather all of your information in office onenote 2007. view larger. gather and organize everything in one place with so much information coming your way--and in so many different forms--you need one place to keep it all and a tool that's flexible enough to capture it. otherwise information that could have been used to help make better decisions or make you more efficient is lost or difficult to find. unlike paper-based systems word processing programs e-mail systems or other productivity programs onenote 2007 delivers the flexibility to gather and organize text pictures digital handwriting audio and video recordings and more--all in one digital notebook on your computer. this software can help you become more productive by keeping the information you need at your fingertips and reducing time spent searching for information across e-mail messages paper notebooks file folders and printouts. save time by consolidating information taking notes on paper and transcribing them later can be time-consuming and difficult and you run the risk of losing important pages. in addition it's difficult to share data kept in a conventional paper notebook and they're only good for capturing one kind of information: handwritten notes. when it's time to gather information from other sources and in different ways other difficulties can arise. for instance because most people don't have a way of digitally capturing unstructured information they often print out web research and store information in file folders or on desks which is difficult to find later and inaccessible when you're away. and sharing information with others can be challenging--even when using e-mail it can be hard to hard to figure out what the plan is without reading through long e-mail threads that may or may not contain the information you need. onenote 2007 however gives you a solution with a flexible software program that enables you to gather virtually any type of information in one place. with your information readily available you can be more prepared and informed. quickly find what you need with onenote 2007 finding information is easy and fast because it eliminates the guesswork of figuring out where you stored critical information. no more clicking through file folders and sorting through pages of paper notebooks to find the information you're looking for. powerful search features give you the ability to locate information quickly while allowing you to search across new types of content like text in scanned documents or images and spoken words in audio and video recordings. with easier access to the facts you and your teammates can make better decisions. with office onenote 2007 your team can work together more effectively. view larger. protect your intellectual property onenote 2007 helps you consolidate various types of information--including freeform notes images documents files from other microsoft office system programs and rich media--and organize it in the way that works best for you. and because it keeps everything in one place you don't have to worry about frequently saving or creating backups of your information--onenote 2007 does this for you. ideal for businesses if you're attending an important meeting and don't want to rely on your memory simply take meeting notes in onenote 2007 to create a living repository of group decisions and brainstorming sessions that adds continuity and context to subsequent meetings. you can also catch all the details of customer calls and meetings by synchronizing typed or handwritten notes with office onenote 2007 audio and video recordings. if you're working outside of the office gather information on your microsoft windows mobile powered devices (including notes audio recordings and pictures) and transfer it to onenote 2007. and when it's time to share data with your colleagues take advantage of onenote 2007's export application programming interface to easily transfer information gathered in onenote 2007 to your company's business systems and in so doing reduce errors and wasted time spent rekeying the same information in different systems. need to copy paste or print information from and into other 2007 microsoft office system programs? it's no problem with onenote; this software lets you access and exchange information in word excel outlook and powerpoint. you can even use onenote 2007's drawing tools and tables to annotate and easily organize and manage information. find what you're looking for quickly using office onenote 2007. view larger. search and link options onenote 2007 lets you search and find keywords quickly within text in images and in audio recordings made within the application. you can also view hyperlinked search results in a summary task pane; a single click takes you to relevant results. for added convenience view all open notebooks at once use drag-and-drop functionality to easily arrange and rearrange your notes and add hyperlinks to other pages in your notebook to quickly find relevant content. manage tasks easily with two-way synchronization between onenote 2007 and the 2003 and 2007 versions of outlook or link notes and other information to specific outlook 2007 or outlook 2003 contacts to help you better prepare for meetings and recall information easily. if you want to underscore a particularly important point date or other piece of information mark notes with note tags visually rich icons that make it easier to return to reminders to-dos and other action items. work together more effectively with team members working from different locations and on multiple projects communication coordination and information sharing can challenge group effectiveness and productivity. teams often rely on e-mail messages to share information causing confusion and bloated e-mail inboxes. tasks action items agendas and issues stored within static documents or document management systems are difficult to update track and access and they prevent multiple people from working with the same information at the same time. onenote 2007 helps people work together better by eliminating roadblocks that arise when information is isolated in paper notes or file folders or on one person's computer. groups can share information easily work more productively and keep track of projects issues and goals more effectively. individuals can work together from the same notebook--whether online or offline--using shared notebooks. onenote2007 manages changes made to the same notebook eliminating the need to track versions or upload changes. you can also create a team knowledge base so that everyone has access to the same information helping to get new team members up to speed quickly and minimizing duplicate efforts. share notes even with non-onenote 2007 users by sending your notes as html so that anyone with an e-mail client or web browser can view them and stay in control of your information by choosing which notebooks to share with your teammates and which to keep private and help ensure privacy with password protection. you can even use onenote 2007 as a shared digital whiteboard enabling virtual teams to work together in real time viewing and editing the same set of notes. microsoft 99.95|sierrahome hse hallmark card studio special edition win 98 me 2000 xp hallmark card studio special edition (win 98 me 2000 xp) sierrahome 19.26
0|printmaster 17 platinum by encore software printmaster 17 platinum by encore software encore software 39.99|office mac 2004 - microsoft - 731-01002 microsoft office 2004 for mac is the newest version of the leading productivity suite on the mac platform developed specifically for mac users. the productivity suite is packed with features that help users of mac work smarter and be more ...  331.77 gbp
0|merriam-webster's dictionary (win/mac) (jewel case)  fogware publishing 9.99|xbox 360: gears of war as marcus fenix you fight a war against the immense locust horde which not only out powers but outnumbers you your squad and the entire force of the coalition of ordered governments. gears of war is the only game to blend a deep and disturbing ...  59.99
0|studyworks! teaching pro: middle school math & science (win/mac) studyworks teaching pro middle school math & science is the right mix of learning methods and math applications for build top-notch test-taking skills. global software publishing 29.99|encore software 10691 - the print shop 22 sb cs by the print shop encore software 10691 : encore software the print shop 22 sb cs by the print shop - 10691 specifications : manufacturer : encore inc manufacturer part number : 10691  25.97
0|riverdeep adventure workshop 4th-6th grade 8th edition adventure workshop 4th-6th grade 8th edition brings four great learning titles together. kids will enjoy learning with these great edutainment titles. provide your child with nearly limitless challenge stimulation and excitement sure to capture the imagination. it's a brilliant addition to your software library. riverdeep 0|aspyr media inc prey prey is a groundbreaking first-person shooter that turns the genre upside-down with new gameplay features and next generation graphics. breaking the traditional first-person shooter format prey introduces innovative gameplay elements including ...  47.04
0|john deere: welcome to merriweather farm kids will delight to see johnny tractor (j. t.) and his friends allie gator and corey combine who live work and play at merriweather farm. follow their adventures as they plow the fields take care of the farm animals and harvest crops. global software publishing 19.99|blue's clues preschool it?s time for an exciting neighborhood adventure with blue and your friends from blue?s clues including the host ? joe! blue?s teacher miss marigold has a whole checklist of places for you to visit ? the grocery present and music stores the ...  7.95
0|caillou magical adventures with caillou magical adventures children will learn about life one magical adventure at a time. join the young caillou on his great learning adventures for hours of learning fun. brighter minds media inc. 19.99|fleetwood mac yamaha - 503620 - fleetwood mac - rumours - smart pianosoft this innovative software series enables your disklavier mark iii piano to perform with the world's most popular cds! using yamaha's pianosmart technology this companion diskette will magically empower your disklavier mark iii to accompany the ...  14.86
0|evergirl evergirl is an action adventure title for young ladies who are out to find themselves. they'll take charge of four teenagers as they try to find their place in the world based on their personalities. thq 14.99|adobe cs3 master collection academic   939.99
0|vivaldi's musical adventure pod essential tools for child development product information the fun way to learn classical music! musical adventure is the innovative way to introduce your child to the treasures of classical music. you'll be amazed at the way your child learns selections from vivaldi after playing the games. educational feature sound discrimination differentiating musical instruments logical thinking product features orchestra games pool of tears memory games listening room rabbit house twisted riddle games musical jigsaw puzzle games vivaldi's biography windows requirements windows 98 2000 xp 30mb hard disk space cd-rom drive sound card mouse due to the type of product packaging once this product has been opened it is non-returnable. if the product is defective it will be exchanged for the same product. no cash refunds. fogware publishing 9.95|ca internet security suite plus 2008 w/$10000 warranty   92.2
0|peachtree by sage premium accounting 2007 - accountants' edition peachtree premium accounting 2007 accountants' edition is the powerful multi-user ready accounting solution accountants need to service their peachtree clients more effectively and efficiently. create open modify and save client files from any member of the peachtree 2007 line plus handle complex tasks such as company consolidation compensation management and comprehensive budgeting. converts quicken and quickbooks data to peachtree (from 1999-2005) restore backed-up client data plus web transactions and customized forms e-mail forms and reports -- get invoices out faster save money on postage and avoid printing hassles quickly review all your clients' journal entries requires microsoft outlook 2000 2002 or 2003; outlook express 5 or 6; or other mapi compliant e-mail programs included tax forms - 940 941 941b 943 945 w-2 w-3 and over 180 state forms sage software 499.99|adobe 42050142 acrobat distiller 6 lnx ret cd u/l lnx acrobat distiller 6 lnx ret cd u/l lnx  14967.47
0|printshop home & office labels design label and organize like a pro! product information imagine always having the perfect label right at your fingertips! from mailing labels to cds stickers and more easily design your own colorful custom labels for every need. simply pick a template then personalize with lively graphics stylish fonts - even your favorite photos. it&rsquo;s fast fun and creative! product features 8 000+ premium images* 750+ project templates * address labels shipping labels cd labels diskettes & zip disks audio & video cassettes and more! windows requirements windows 98 me 2000 xp pentium 200 mhz processor or faster (pentium ii 300 mhz for xp) 64 mb ram (128 mb for xp) 410 mb free hard disk space (1) 800x600 monitor 16-bit color windows-compatible sound card & speakers 4x cd-rom drive microsoft internet explorer 5 or higher 33.6 kbps modem or faster and internet service provider account required for internet access. (2) (1) the amount of hard-disk space can vary if you already have required components installed on your system. internet explorer requires an additional 50 mb hard-disk space. (2) user is responsible for all internet access fees and phone charges. * images on cd: 8 000+. images available online: 52 000. projects on cd: 750+. projects available online: 50+. user registration required to access online images and templates. the online services advertised as part of this product may be changed or discontinued at any time for any reason. broderbund 19.95|daceasy(tm) 4.0-4.2 compatible continuous inventory invoices compatible with daceasy(tm) versions 4.0-4.2.form size: 9 1/2in. x 7in..  241.99
0|reader rabbit preschool reader rabbit learning system - preschool kindergarten and 1st grade are three new grade-based products from the number 1 educational software brand! they are an integrated program designed to teach your child essential developmental skills through a unique combination of proven learning techniques and complementary learning aids such as flash cards printable activities and stickers. the learning company 29.99|bb0gyna ibm informix dynamic server enterprise edition - ( v. 9.4 ) - media - cd - linux ibm bb0gyna : usually ships in 24 hours : : ibm informix dynamic server (ids) delivers superior reliability - meeting the needs of today's demanding e-business practices - particularly for applications requiring high-performance transactions.  195.53
0|sony vegas 6 + dvd [old version] with vegas 6 + dvd you have an integrated environment for handling each phase of video production. edit and proces your digital video and hdv in real-time and manipulate it with incredible precision. it also lets you burn your own dvd copies with dvd architect 3. this software is a must-have tool for the professional media author. sony pictures digital entertainment 899.95|microsoft office 2004 for students and teachers (mac) key features: for mac for student and teachers full-featured programs word processing spreadsheets create presentations...  134.99
0|adobe creative suite cs3 production premium maximize your productivity with adobe creative suite 3 production premium software the total post-production solution available for both mac and windows. tighter-than-ever integration between adobe's all-new video audio and design tools--now including adobe flash cs3 professional software--offers a smooth workflow from concept to delivery. reach the widest possible audience by delivering content to film video dvd blu-ray disc the web and mobile devices. photoshop cs3 extended for new dimensions in digital imaging illustrator cs3 for powerful vector graphics creation flash cs3 professional for creating rich interactive content adobe premiere pro cs3 for capturing editing and delivering video adobe encore cs3 for preparing dvd titles put ideas in motion with the total post-production solution produce visually innovative work faster and more easily with new adobe creative suite 3 production premium software for mac and windows. audience benefit corporate and event videographers--you only have one chance to capture that critical shot and with small crews and tight deadlines you need to work fast for clients who demand high production values. adobe creative suite 3 production premium combines the latest versions of adobe's video audio and design tools allowing you to capture events directly to disc; work fast with precision editing tools; create blockbuster effects with adobe after effects cs3 professional and photoshop cs3 extended software; create and match audio to your visuals with adobe soundbooth software; and deliver content however your clients need it whether on tape dvd or blu-ray disc the web or mobile devices. unmatched integration and productivity tools allow you to move quickly between applications keeping you on schedule without sacrificing high-quality results. motion graphics professionals--for visual effects creation motion graphics and compositing you need to meet tight deadlines for clients who expect the highest quality productions. adobe creative suite 3 production premium helps you deliver results using the industry's leading motion graphics tool adobe after effects cs3 professional software tightly integrated with adobe photoshop cs3 extended illustrator adobe premiere pro and other components to enable maximum flexibility and performance. create multilayered composites rich animation and high-quality graphics for films television commercials bumpers and promos as well as for dvd or online content within the fluid unified environment of production premium. independent filmmakers--your passion is storytelling. your challenge is finding the right software to handle every aspect of the production process and deliver high-quality results. adobe creative suite 3 production premium helps meet this need with a complete toolset combining the latest versions of adobe's industry-leading software components for capturing footage directly to disc performing nonlinear video and audio editing producing motion graphics and visual effects authoring to dvd and outputting content as flv or swf files for the web and mobile devices. tell your story with stunning impact to the widest possible audience with production premium. educators--adobe creative suite 3 production premium is a total post-production solution combining full new versions of adobe's world-class design and graphics tools. with production premium you can work with every aspect of visual design animation video film and disc production cost effectively and via a single integrated interface. create promotional materials such as websites that feature video content prepare students for working with a wide range of file formats on both windows and mac platforms and deliver your work across multiple media types. interactive designers--integrating video into interactive projects is increasingly part of authoring rich engaging experiences whether for a dvd an interactive display websites or emerging mobile markets. adobe creative suite 3 production premium offers all the essential tools needed for interactive authoring including new releases of adobe photoshop illustrator after effects and flash software. save time as you work fluidly between after effects and flash generating sophisticated graphics and animations for your interactive projects. improve efficiency and incorporate a tapeless workflow during shoots by using adobe onlocation cs3 to monitor your camera's video signal and record it directly to a computer hard drive. top new features in adobe creative suite 3 production premium new adobe after effects cs3 professional take advantage of innovative new features in adobe after effects cs3 professional such as shape layers for flexible drawing and animation of vector shapes; the puppet tool an intuitive new approach to shape animation; and brainstorm to quickly experiment and refine designs using parameters you define. new adobe premiere pro cs3 and adobe onlocation cs3* (windows version) make every phase of video production more efficient with adobe premiere pro cs3 as well as adobe onlocation cs3* (formerly the award-winning dv rack hd now included in the production premium box) a powerful set of direct-to-disc recording and on-set monitoring tools to help produce high-quality video footage while shooting with an sd or hd camera. achieve dramatic effects using improved slow motion with variable speed control in adobe premiere pro cs3. new adobe photoshop cs3 extended and illustrator cs3 enhance your video productions with the highest quality images and vector illustrations. with adobe photoshop cs3 extended use new video layer support to edit and paint your video frame by frame or clone between frames. illustrator cs3 provides new document profiles for video with safe areas specific to your output. now with adobe cs3 flash professional market your services through your own rich interactive website using adobe flash cs3 professional. work in flash using a familiar adobe interface and familiar video workflows. export flash video with cue points from after effects adobe premiere pro and adobe soundbooth and move animations easily between after effects and flash. innovative new adobe soundbooth cs3 for audio designed for creative professionals adobe soundbooth cs3 delivers focused tools to quickly accomplish everyday audio tasks--even if audio production isn't your specialty. fast and intuitive soundbooth makes it easy to remove noise from recordings polish voice-overs customize music and sound effects to fit a production and much more. new adobe encore cs3 author once and then output to multiple media types. use a familiar adobe interface to author a single encore cs3 project and then export to standard-definition dvds high-definition blu-ray discs and interactive dvd-style swf-based experiences for immediate use on the web. extensive integration for exceptional productivity tighter-than-ever integration between photoshop and after effects and between after effects illustrator adobe premiere pro encore soundbooth and flash streamlines your workflow making it easier than ever to move projects and files between component applications and work with a common user interface. in addition adobe bridge offers new file type support and metadata previews. available for mac and windows work on the platform of your choice. adobe creative suite 3 production premium is now available for both mac and windows and is supported by a broad selection of books training materials third-party plug-ins and leading industry partners including the openhd partner alliance. expanded output options including video for mobile phones reach a broader audience using a wider range of formats and devices. use the adobe media encoder to export 3gp and h.264 video for mobile phones ipods and psp systems and other mobile devices from after effects adobe premiere pro and soundbooth. preview the results for supported mobile devices using adobe device central cs3. use adobe encore cs3 to author dvds high-definition blu-ray discs and interactive dvd-style swf-based experiences. quick effective keying with new adobe ultra cs3 transform keying into a practical daily production tool for all types of video projects with adobe ultra cs3 software. create highly realistic background composites with drag-and-drop simplicity even from marginal video sources and customize hundreds of virtual sets included in master sets library 1 a collection of virtual sets with alternate angles motion tracking and scaling to put your subject in the set not just in front of it. output in broadcast quality to a wide range of advanced file formats. visually manage assets in adobe bridge test mobile designs in adobe device central additional features future-ready tools for delivery of video content anywhere meet today's production demands and tomorrow's challenges head on. broad support for leading standards and formats an open approach to hardware and platform support a rich ecosystem of plug-ins and other third-party solutions and the ability to deliver video content to new types of devices--from mobile to blu-ray disc--give you a competitive edge. no more intermediate rendering thanks to adobe dynamic link enjoy greater freedom to experiment with new ideas without having to wait for intermediate rendering. exclusively available in production premium adobe dynamic link allows you to edit a composition in after effects and view your updates instantly in adobe premiere pro and adobe encore. engaging online experiences leveraging new adobe flash cs3 use the industry's most advanced interactive authoring environment to integrate your video content into uniquely engaging websites presentations and mobile content. export layered vector animations from after effects to flash import swf files as vectors into after effects and encode flv files with cue points from after effects adobe premiere pro and soundbooth. compositing and animation with new adobe after effects cs3 professional innovative new features make the industry standard even more essential. adobe after effects cs3 software offers new shape layers for drawing and animating vector shapes an intuitive new approach to shape animation using the puppet tool new integration with flash and photoshop and dramatically improved performance so you can maintain your creative momentum. real-time editing with new adobe premiere pro cs3 adobe encore cs3 and adobe onlocation cs3* (windows version) now available for mac and windows adobe premiere pro cs3 software offers scalable efficient and flexible nonlinear video editing with improved slow-motion capabilities and delivery options. support for hd hdv sd and dv gives you the flexibility to deliver high-quality work. use encore cs3 to create full-featured menu-driven standard-definition dvds high-definition blu-ray discs and interactive dvd-style swf-based experiences for immediate use on the web. in windows enjoy new direct-to-disc recording and on-set monitoring tools to help produce high-quality video footage with adobe onlocation cs3. image editing and graphics creation with adobe photoshop cs3 and illustrator cs3 integrate images and graphics for use in your productions. with adobe photoshop cs3 extended use new video layer support to edit and paint your video frame by frame or clone between frames. use advanced drawing texturing coloring tracing and typography tools to create vector artwork with adobe illustrator cs3 software. fast intuitive audio editing and creation with adobe soundbooth cs3 adobe soundbooth cs3 lets you take command of your audio in film video or flash projects with convenient task-based tools that make high-quality audio production more efficient even if audio production isn't your specialty. video production and preview for mobile devices use the adobe media encoder in after effects adobe premiere pro and soundbooth to export 3gp and h.264 video for mobile phones ipods and psp systems and other mobile devices. preview the results for supported devices using adobe device central cs3. *for macintosh users adobe onlocation requires boot camp and windows (purchased separately) or a separate windows based computer. adobe creative suite 3: what's in each edition? adobe creative suite 3 editions design premium design standard web premium web standard production premium master collection adobe photoshop cs3 extended adobe photoshop cs3 adobe illustrator cs3 adobe indesign cs3 adobe acrobat 8 professional adobe flash cs3 professional adobe dreamweaver cs3 adobe contribute cs3 adobe fireworks cs3 adobe after effects cs3 professional adobe premiere pro cs3 adobe soundbooth cs3 adobe encore cs3 adobe onlocation * adobe ultra cs3 * additional features and services in adobe creative suite 3 adobe bridge cs3 adobe version cue cs3 adobe device central cs3 adobe dynamic link adobe stock photos adobe acrobat connect * adobe ultra runs on microsoft windows only. for macintosh users adobe onlocation requires bootcamp and windows (purchased separately) or a separate windows-based computer. adobe 1699|sony playstation 2: street fighter alpha anthology a compilation of the entire street fighter alpha arcade series including street fighter alpha street fighter alpha 2 street fighter alpha 2 gold and street fighter alpha 3. as an added bonus the pint-sized super gem fighter mini mix aka pocket ...  29.99
0|mavis beacon typing 17 (win/mac) mavis beacon typing 17 standard by broderbund encore software 19.99|treasure mountain answer their reading thinking math and science questions and the elves will reward you with clues and coins to help you master the mountain!  8.95
0|sony vegas 6 + dvd [old version] with vegas 6 + dvd you have an integrated environment for handling each phase of video production. edit and proces your digital video and hdv in real-time and manipulate it with incredible precision. it also lets you burn your own dvd copies with dvd architect 3. this software is a must-have tool for the professional media author. sony pictures digital entertainment 899.95|applied statistics for software managers by katrina maxwell 9780130417893 the easy complete guide to statistical methods for software project management and process improvement.use statistics to maximize software process qualityget results without extensive mathematical experiencelearn from detailed case studies how to ...  54.99
0|ca internet security suite 2007 - 3 user internet security 2007 gives you comprehensive protection against the many online dangers you can be exposed to while enjoying what the internet has to offer. protect yourself against viruses id thieves spyware spam and malicious hackers that can jeopardize your privacy. these award-winning business-strengthening tools will take the guesswork out of pc security giving you a safer online experience. anti-spam tools monitor inbound messages for spam verifies the authenticity of messages and confirms whether spam senders are people or automated spam robots on-demand scanning for specific files disks and folders use active protection to collect & transmit your personal data and update your protections to get proactive protection against new threats special 3-user license vista compatible computer associates 69.95|school zone interactive time money & fractions 1-2 on track software time money & fractions incorporates critical math skills with interactive learning. engaging activities arcade games and animated rewards make this electronic workbook a great way to learn! system requirements: windows: microsoft&re  9.45
0|microsoft digital image suite 2006 plus pinnacle studio 10.0 microsoft digital image suite 2006 plus mini box microsoft 99.95|adobe cs3 web premium academic system requirements powerpc g4 or g5 or intel core processor mac os x v10.4.8 java runtime environment 1.5 1gb ram 7gb free hard-disk space (additional space required during installation) 1024 x 768 display resolution with 16-bit video card dvd-rom ...  479.99
0|crystal reports xi professional edition the world standard for report creation just got better. crystal reports xi professional is an intuitive enterprise report designer that helps you rapidly create flexible feature-rich high fidelity reports with access to almost any enterprise data source. this latest release now makes data access report design and report maintenance easier than ever. business objects 495|abacus scrapbook for windows ?scrapbooking? is one of the fastest growing hobbies. millions of people are creating ?books? of memories they can share and cherish with family and friends. these books can be printed or they can be shared digitally; through cds or via the ...  26.14
0|pantone reference library model- gps206 vendor- pantone features- pantone reference library pantone reference library is the perfect tool for design firms print shops corporate communications or anyone who requires a complete source for graphic color choices. the latest library has been designed with a bold new look to display the most innovative collection of pantone guides and books ever offered: - formula guides (coated uncoated matte) - color bridge coated - solid in hexachrome guide coated - metallic formula guide + chips - pastel formula guide + chips - tints four-guide set - 4-color process guides (coated uncoated) - solid chips three-book set manufacturer warranty:andnbsp;andnbsp;90 days pantone inc. 1623.06|craig knudsen phillip keveren classic gems 2 1. wild rider (schumann) 2. prayer (gurlitt) 3. minuet in ?f? major (mozart) 4. musette in ?d? major (bach) 5. minuet in ?g? minor (bach) 6. toccatina (kabalevsky) 7. minuet in ?f? major (leopold mozart) 8.  25.77
0|microsoft visual studio professional w/msdn professional 2005 renewal microsoft visual studio pro 2005 with msdn premium is one of the most significant developer tools available for building high-performance multi-tier applications for windows the web and mobile devices. designed for developers working alone or in small teams visual studio pro 2005 features integrated visual database tools for designing databases tables and stored procedures. you can also design debug and deploy multi-tier applications; and build a wide array of high-performance solutions faster than ever. visual studio 2005 combined with asp.net 2.0 offers an improved environment for publishing and administering a web site. view larger. the new clickonce application deployment technology makes deploying a desktop application as easy as deploying a web application. view larger. the solution explorer now makes it easy for you to clean up unwanted files. view larger. with visual studio pro 2005's powerful enterprise-class application platform you can also easily create and deploy client applications and automatically publish and maintain applications and their dependencies with integrated clickonce support. with more than 50 new controls and hundreds of built-in services for site security personalization and look and feel visual studio pro 2005 gives you the tools it takes to build fast interactive web applications. enhanced visual designers and editors speed up development times significantly while intuitive visual designers help to improve your xml editing and xslt debugging. in short you can tackle just about any development task whether its creating dynamic data-driven applications using an integrated data access design and reporting environment or creating robust applications using the microsoft .net framework 2.0 the .net compact framework 2.0 and native code -- all supported by microsoft visual studio 2005. you can ! also easily develop for 64-bit systems using a 64-bit version of the .net framework. visual studio 2005 professional edition includes microsoft visual basic microsoft visual c microsoft visual c++ and microsoft visual j programming languages; tools for building windows and web solutions; smartphone and pocket pc development tools for building windows ce-based applications; visual database tools; advanced debugging tools including cross-machine debugging; and much more. cross machine debugging and better web publishing visual studio 2005 combined with asp.net 2.0 offers an improved environment for publishing and administering a web site. with the built-in publishing features such as integrated file transfer protocol (ftp) you can keep files in your local project and synchronize them with files located on a remote web server. visual studio automatically logs copied files which helps you to identify whether the remote site has been updated with the latest files. and to help protect your site and your ip you can pre-compile a web site to publish only executable code no source files to your production server. the web site configuration interface makes it easy to set up and maintain applications and the new web site administration tool helps you manage remote sites. you can manage cache settings at the server and web site level to improve the performance of your published web sites. and users can manage their own sites with the new asp.net microsoft management console (mmc) plug-in. the solution explorer in visual studio 2005 also makes it easy for you to clean up unwanted files. simply choose clean solution from the build menu and all the intermediate files and output directories in your whole solution will be removed. for visual c++ you can also use the project only submenu of the build menu to clean only the project currently selected in solution explorer without cleaning any project dependencies or solution files. other features include a new checksum feature that matches multiple source file names without any confusion; provider-driven application services that let you extend the powerful features of visual studio team system by adding your own asp .net application services seamlessly giving you complete control over the tools and environment. msdn premium subscriptions visual studio 2005 team suite also includes an msdn premium subscription. an msdn premium subscription provides continuous priority access to the technologies you need to support visual studio team system and build a broad range of applications and web services including the latest versions of windows server 2003 windows 2000 server windows 2000 professional windows 2000 advanced server windows xp professional edition windows xp home edition and future windows releases. (usage rights are limited to development and testing only.) with the subscription your technical support includes unlimited usage of msdn managed newsgroups for online support with a guaranteed response time of two business days phone-based support incidents and free access to msdn online concierge for nontechnical questions regarding navigation of the msdn site knowledge base article searches and msdn subscriber downloads. also continuously updated technical content is available through the msdn library which offers comprehensive programming information code samples sample applications technical documentation and articles and the microsoft developer knowledge base. customers who qualify for the renewal price include current subscribers to: any visual studio team edition with msdn premium subscription msdn universal microsoft software 799|apple ilife '06 family pack system requirements macintosh computer with a powerpc g4 g5 or intel core duo processor; 733mhz or faster required for idvd 256mb of ram; 512mb recommended mac os x v10.3.9 or mac os x v10.4.3 or later; mac os x v10.4.4 recommended itunes 6.0.2 and ...  99.99
0|adobe fireworks cs3 [mac] accelerate web design and development with adobe fireworks cs3 software the ideal tool for creating and optimizing images for the web and rapidly prototyping websites and web applications. fireworks cs3 offers the flexibility to edit both vector and bitmap images a common library of prebuilt assets and timesaving integration with adobe photoshop cs3 adobe illustrator cs3 adobe dreamweaver cs3 and adobe flash cs3 professional software. new adobe fireworks cs3 dramatically accelerates web prototyping and web image design. rapidly prototype and design for the web new adobe fireworks cs3 dramatically accelerates web prototyping and web image design. enjoy timesaving enhancements new prototyping tools and impressive integration with adobe photoshop cs3 adobe illustrator cs3 adobe dreamweaver cs3 adobe flash cs3 professional and adobe flex software. new in fireworks cs3 new macintosh and windows os support design and develop on the platform of your choice. adobe fireworks cs3 is available for powerpc and intel based macintosh computers as well as windows xp and windows vista systems. efficient adobe photoshop and adobe illustrator integration import photoshop (psd) files while retaining hierarchical layers layer effects and blend modes. save fireworks (png) files back into photoshop (psd) format. import illustrator (ai) files while retaining graphic integrity including layer group and color information. hierarchical layer organization organize and manage your prototypes with a new hierarchical layer structure which is similar to the one in adobe photoshop that enables you to easily organize web layers and pages. intelligent scaling intelligently scale buttons and graphic symbols (in vector or bitmap) with 9-slice scaling. combine 9-slice scaling with the new auto shape library to accelerate website and application prototyping. multipage support use the new pages panel to create multiple pages in a single document (png file) and share layers across multiple pages. each page can contain its own slices layers frames animations and canvas settings making it easy to simulate website flow in a prototype. ria layout prototyping prototype layouts for rich internet applications in fireworks and then export them directly to adobe flex while retaining absolute positioning and styling. customizable assets jump-start your prototyping with a common library of frequently used graphic symbols text symbols and animations. use the new symbol properties panel to customize symbol attributes. adobe photoshop blend modes customize the appearance of your images with seven popular blend modes from adobe photoshop: dissolve linear burn linear dodge vivid light linear light pin light and hard mix. adobe bridge integration enjoy a more efficient workflow with adobe bridge which offers central access to project files and batch processing that can include multiple adobe applications. streamlined adobe dreamweaver and adobe flash integration copy any object in fireworks cs3 and paste it directly into dreamweaver cs3. create pop-up menus that can be saved as css and html. export fireworks (png) files directly to flash cs3 while maintaining vectors bitmaps animations and multistates and then edit in flash cs3. additional features vector and bitmap editing create and edit vector and bitmap images and import and edit native adobe photoshop and adobe illustrator files. image optimization optimize graphics for virtually any delivery scenario with preview cross-platform gamma preview selective jpeg compression and a wide range of export controls. filter effects apply lighting effects shadow effects styles and blend modes including seven new blend modes from photoshop to add depth and character to text and symbols. common library jump-start your prototyping with a common library of graphic symbols text symbols and animations frequently used in web applications forms interfaces and websites. adobe 299|punch software 17100 punch! super home suite our bestselling premium home design software with professional yet easy-to-use features! 17100 punch software punch software 45.99
0|adobe premiere pro cs3 tell your story with maximum impact using adobe premiere pro cs3 software the start-to-finish solution for efficient video production that now includes adobe encore cs3 and adobe onlocation cs3 formerly the award-winning dv rack hd. save time from on-set capture using adobe onlocation through to output expand your creative options via integration with adobe after effects cs3 professional and photoshop and deliver your content to dvd blu-ray disc the web and mobile devices. the powerful editing finishing and delivery tools in adobe premiere pro are now available on both mac and windows operating systems. capture edit and deliver to video dvd and the web adobe premiere pro cs3 software available for both mac and windows streamlines the entire video production process from direct-to-disk recording through editing to final delivery for tape disc the web and mobile devices. adobe premiere pro cs3 redefines productivity and flexibility for capturing editing and delivering video content. video professionals want to concentrate on storytelling--not on the nuts and bolts of production--and adobe premiere pro cs3 frees you to focus on telling your story. maximize image quality and work faster during shoots by using adobe onlocation cs3 software (requires windows and boot camp for mac ) included with adobe premiere pro to calibrate cameras monitor video signals and record directly to disk--all during the shoot. edit every major video format from dv to hd and beyond with adobe premiere pro cs3. improve efficiency and creativity with new workflow and new visual effects features. save time and expand creative options through tight integration with other adobe software including adobe after effects cs3 and adobe photoshop cs3. adobe encore cs3 software now included with adobe premiere pro cs3 lets you author once and then output to blu-ray disc dvd and flash swf for the web. adobe premiere pro supports additional delivery platforms including flash and mobile devices letting you reach the widest audience possible. audience benefit corporate and government video producers--adobe premiere pro cs3 provides the tools you need to ensure excellent production values while working quickly to stay on schedule. edit with precise control add stunning effects and move content smoothly to adobe after effects cs3 professional and photoshop for even more creative control. streamline the review process with adobe clip notes and output to multiple formats quickly and easily to reach more people everywhere. adobe premiere pro cs3 lets you communicate with high-quality video and imagery even with tight budgets and looming deadlines. export adobe encore cs3 projects as dvd blu-ray disc or flash. when you export as flash encore generates html flv and swf files that provide dvd-style chapter selection playback and interactivity through the flash player. event videographers--small crews and tight deadlines mean you need to work fast even while clients demand higher and higher production values. adobe premiere pro cs3 lets you capture events directly to disc with included adobe onlocation cs3; work fast with precision editing tools including support for editing multicam shots; create compelling effects via tight integration with adobe after effects cs3 professional and photoshop cs3; and use the included copy of adobe encore cs3 to deliver content however your clients need it whether on dvd blu-ray disc the web or mobile devices. independent filmmakers--your passion is storytelling. your challenge is finding the right software to handle every aspect of the production process and deliver hollywood-quality imagery. adobe premiere pro cs3 meets this need with a complete toolset for capturing footage direct-to-disc editing imagery and creating titles in post-production producing dvds and delivering web-ready content to promote your films on the internet. and with the included video workshop and training materials you'll have help through every stage of production. post-production boutiques--enjoy advanced editing tools as well as the uncompromised image quality and real-time performance you need in professional broadcast and film post-production. work with all major formats enjoy powerful effects and media management tools get unparalleled integration with adobe after effects cs3 professional and photoshop software and increase efficiency with workflow enhancements such as adobe clip notes. with adobe premiere pro cs3 and adobe encore cs3 you can deliver your work in the format your client needs from adobe flash video through dvd and blu-ray disc to uncompressed hd. educators and students--adobe premiere pro cs3 offers a complete set of post-production tools that let you handle all aspects of filmmaking and post-production cost effectively from capturing and editing footage to creating titles dvds and promotional materials such as websites that feature video content. use flexible tools to express your creativity work with any file format on both windows and macintosh platforms and deliver your work across multiple media. what's new in adobe premiere pro cs3k dvd and blu-ray disc output with included adobe encore cs3 create dvd and blu-ray disc content with adobe encore cs3 software now included with adobe premiere pro cs3. work with the same encore authoring interface and features used to create standard-definition dvds. author once deliver twice: automatically convert your high-definition blu-ray disc projects to standard-definition dvds. high-quality slow motion with time remapping create dramatic slow- and fast-motion effects without exporting clips to another application. with precise keyframe control real-time feedback and excellent quality from advanced frame blending you can slow things down without compromising quality. or generate even better in-between frames through pixel-motion analysis with the timewarp effect. direct-to-disc recording with included adobe onlocation cs3 save tape and time by eliminating capture from your production process. record sd and hd video directly to disc using adobe onlocation cs3 software included with adobe premiere pro cs3. instantly review each shot without shuttling tape. adobe onlocation automatically detects and flags problems to provide the best results. adobe encore cs3 projects for the web with one click easily create adobe flash versions of your dvd and blu-ray disc projects for the web. use adobe encore cs3 to create flash content complete with dvd interactivity and menus without learning flash programming. multiple project windows with smart file search find files faster with search tools that instantly update their results list as you type. sort and organize assets into multiple project windows each with its own graphical or text view setting. display and handle media files making project management easier and more efficient. professional on-set monitoring with adobe onlocation cs3 maximize camera image quality during shoots by using adobe onlocation cs3 to quickly calibrate your camera check levels and monitor your signal. use simple tools that function like their hardware equivalents to get results quickly and easily. the virtual reference monitor waveform monitor vectorscope and audio spectrum analyzer help you avoid problems and improve quality on location. create stunning slow-motion and other retiming effects directly in the timeline by setting and moving time remapping keyframe markers. improve the look of your video with the three-way color corrector and the other precision color-correction tools in adobe premiere pro. improved editing efficiency work faster with powerful and flexible editing tools. play video with nested audio sequences in real time without rendering. replace any clip in the timeline with a new clip while preserving the replaced clip's editing attributes and settings. use shortcuts to switch between workspace panels and save time. output for mobile devices make your video viewable on the latest delivery platforms. encode video for delivery to cell phones and other mobile devices and simulate playback on those devices to check video quality. download profile updates to simulate the latest devices. flash video export with markers converted to cue points encode video and audio for flash projects and web playback with direct flash video (flv) export. adobe premiere pro cs3 timeline markers become flash cue points that trigger interactivity and navigation. create flash video with ease. improve efficiency and incorporate a tapeless workflow during shoots by using adobe onlocation cs3 to monitor your camera's video signal and record it directly to a computer hard drive. additional features efficient tools for creative editing create high-quality visual and editorial effects directly within the editing timeline. generate slow motion and other time-remapping effects with precise keyframe control and real-time feedback. add color correction lighting and other effects audio filters and more with fast flexible and built-in tools. edit footage from multicam shoots with ease and precision. comprehensive video format compatibility work with the formats you want. edit all standard- or high-definition formats from dv through hdv to hd and beyond (some formats may require additional hardware). broad range of supporting hardware and software for mac and windows choose from a wide range of mac and windows workstations and capture cards to build the editing system that exactly meets your needs and budget. enhance your system with additional plug-ins including many from adobe after effects software. dvd and blu-ray disc output with included adobe encore cs3 create dvd and blu-ray disc content with adobe encore cs3 software now included with adobe premiere pro cs3. work with the same encore authoring interface and features used to create standard-definition dvds. author once deliver twice: automatically convert your high-definition blu-ray disc projects to standard-definition dvds. superior integration with other adobe applications make the leading still and motion graphics applications adobe photoshop and after effects part of an efficient post-production workflow. import and animate photoshop layers. automatically create photoshop files that match the current project's frame size and aspect ratio. drag and drop or copy and paste clips and timelines between adobe premiere pro cs3 and after effects cs3 professional. direct-to-disc recording with included adobe onlocation cs3 save tape and time by eliminating capture from your production process. record sd and hd video directly to disc using adobe onlocation cs3 software included with adobe premiere pro cs3. instantly review each shot without shuttling tape. adobe onlocation automatically detects and flags problems to provide the best results. professional on-set monitoring with adobe onlocation cs3 maximize camera image quality during shoots by using adobe onlocation cs3 to quickly calibrate your camera check levels and monitor your signal. use simple tools that function like their hardware equivalents to get results quickly and easily. the virtual reference monitor waveform monitor vectorscope and audio spectrum analyzer help you avoid problems and improve quality on location. delivery to the web and mobile devices make your video viewable on today's and tomorrow's delivery platforms. export as adobe flash video (flv). easily convert dvd projects complete with menus to flash swf files for web playback. encode for delivery to cell phones and other mobile devices and emulate playback on those devices to check playback quality. accelerated client review and approval with adobe clip notes expedite review cycles and avoid miscommunication with adobe clip notes. embed video into an adobe pdf file e-mail the file to your client to review and add timecode-specific comments and then view comments mapped to the adobe premiere pro cs3 timeline. multicam editing view multiple video tracks from a multiple-camera shoot easily sync via timecode and edit by switching between tracks in real time. rerecord sections of your edit make fine adjustments using all the standard timeline editing tools and easily adjust color correction across multiple shots even after editing. accelerated client review and approval with adobe clip notes expedite review cycles and avoid miscommunication with adobe clip notes. embed video into an adobe pdf file e-mail the file to your client to review and add timecode-specific comments and then view comments mapped to the adobe premiere pro cs3 timeline. mac os x compatibility use adobe premiere pro cs3 on the latest intel based macintosh computers. aaf and edl import/export exchange project metadata with major video film and audio applications via industry-standard advanced authoring format (aaf) aaf with edit protocol and edit decision list (edl) files (aaf import/export for windows only). comprehensive vtr support control video decks through rs-422 and rs-232 serial protocols or firewire for precise batch capturing recapturing and insert editing. file management with adobe bridge work more efficiently by using adobe bridge cs3 to search for and access your project files preview and apply settings run batch processes and tag assets with xmp metadata. adobe 799|encore software 12380 - high school advantage 2008 - win 2000 xp vista encore software 12380 : high school advantage 2008 delivers the most award-winning content aligned with classroom curriculum. get the best results with over 3000 lessons and exercises in the core subjects. system requirements: windows 2000 sp4/xp ( ...  34.97
0|corel snapfire plus [ignite photo fun] corel snapfire plus features a series of great image-editing photo-management tools and creative photo-project templates that help you import edit snapfire plus offers easy-to-use image-editing tools intuitive photo-management features and a great selection of photo-project templates. and share your images. designed to seamlessly integrate with the powerful image editing and organization features of corel paint shop pro photo xi corel snapfire plus lets you create a variety of eye-catching calendars collages certificates and much more. the integrated photo doctor removes the guesswork from image correction by analyzing a digital image and recommending any necessary changes. snapfire plus also lets you create impressive eye-catching slide shows from your photos and video clips. the software includes many creative photo project templates designed to inspire you to do more with your photos. with drag-and-drop simplicity you can easily create stunning album pages greeting cards calendars and collages. meanwhile the included corel photo downloader automatically downloads photos whenever you plug a camera or card reader into your computer giving you a thumbnail of each image on the device so that you can choose which images to import. corel 39.99|quickbooks(r) professional and impressive!imprinted with your business name and address!guaranteed compatible with your quickbooks(r) and quickbooks for windows(r) software.neat and clean. no carbon to touch. runs easily and smoothly through your printer without ...  103.99
0|who wants to be a millionaire? who wants to be a millionaire? brings back the popular game show for a new challenge! let regis philbin test your general knowledge and see if the lifelines help when you're stumped. thousands of questions are waiting for you -- can you answer them all and prove you want to be a millionaire? encore 9.95|checkmark multiledger 6.0 system requirements: ? 10 mb available disk space ? 5 mb ram ? power pc running os 8.6 or higher (includes imacs g3s g4s etc) ? runs natively on os x ? cd-rom drive product datasheet (pdf: 204kb)  299.99
0|living trust builder don't wait until the last minute - take time to do your living trust today! living trust builder gives you the mechanisms and sound planning advice that can save you from paying estate taxes gift taxes and probate fees. includes documents to get you started right away! jian inc. 19.95|encore inc elementary advantage 2008 elementary school advantage? 2008 delivers the most award-winning content aligned with classroom curriculum. get the best results with over 1000 lessons and exercises in the core subjects. system requirements: windows 2000 sp4/xp (ho  33.89
0|guild wars nightfall guild wars: nightfall takes you to the continent of elona for epic role-playing and fantasy adventure! elona is a land of wealth and power protected by its champions the order of the sunspears. in guild wars nightfall elona has fallen under the shadow of an evil outcast god. against the encroaching desolation of an infernal realm the people of elona will need more than a hero to save them they will need a hero to lead them... for nightfall is at hand. ncsoft 49.99|freeverse software 4015 big bang board games finally a suite of board games made just for the mac! checkers reversi mancalla backgammon 4-in-a-row tic-tac-toe. finally a suite of board games made just for the mac! checkers reversi mancalla backgammon 4-in-a-row tic-tac-toe and the ... freeverse software 18.99
0|microsoft windows xp home edition full version with sp2 windows xp home makes it easy to use your computer for those personal projects you enjoy. service packs round up the bug fixes and product updates you need for operating more smoothly. this service pack bridges the gaps between the original software and user requests more fully responding to customer wishes -- and making xp even better. share your home computing resources with simple-to-use networking tools service pack features - security center offers a central control system for your windows xp security -- work with the firewalls auto updates and antivirus tools great news for people sick of pop-up ads - the built-in pop-up blocker controls them with a new submenu and status bar icons new add-ons manager gives you instant access to all the browser helper objects and extensions enabling and disabling them easily firewall now has its own control panel enhancements to the windows update service make installing new updates easy wireless networking - multiple wireless connections to choose from microsoft 199|yamaha piano la carte 1. amuse-bouche 2. table for two 3. the tuscan table 4. al fresco 5. dancing the night away 6. two manhattans 7. sunday brunch 8. the wine vaults 9. chocolate fountain 10. tapas 11. irish coffee 12. blue martini 13. dinner with friends 14. creme ...  22.13
0|kakuro puzzle addict unlimited edition kakuro puzzle addict unlimited delivers great puzzle action. kakuro is sudoku's big brother -- you'll have to arrange cross sums so that they fit the grid. challenge your brain with this popular set of puzzles! global software publishing 9.99|got game entertainment - exclusive - 00050 - scratches: directors cut scratches is an atmospheric mystery adventure game for the pc brimming with eerie twists and terrifying surprises. set in and around a solitary victorian mansion concealing a terrible secret a long since forgotten story from the past emerges to ...  15.58
0|final draft scriptwriter's suite [final draft 7 & final draft av2] final draft scriptwriter's suite offers you an all-in-one screenwriting suite. this combination of screenwriting tool and audio/visual script processing offers you a full-featured solution to writing the best scripts and screenplays. you have a story to tell - let final draft help you write it! includes final draft and final draft av. scriptcompare highlights changes in any two scripts showing storytellers the differences between files handles multiple revisions setting off revised text with custom color and margin marks scripts are interchangeable - if one is created in final draft or final draft av 2.0 it can be imported into the other make separate shots within a scene add custom headers & footers and much more scripts can be viewed in multiple layouts pagination tool automatically formats to industry standards storyboarding with apple keynote - export text from a script to add to your storyboard 100% cross-platform -- never have trouble switching formats between windows and macintosh again final draft 349.99|valusoft tune tools for ipod windows: windows 2000/xp pentium 500 mhz 128 mb ram 100 mb free hard-disk space cd-rom drive working usb 2.0 or firewire connection to ipod itunes 4.7 or higher required for some features macintosh: system os x (10.1.5) or higher g3 400 mhz ...  21.99
0|portfolio media kit be syst recovery 7.0 win small business ed be sys recovery 7.0 win sbs ed media cd m/l symantec 50|microsoft windows vista business full version microsoft windows vista business is designed specifically for small and mid-sized organizations - with advanced backup new security tools easier and more comprehensive networking and dedicated resources to help keep you up and running.  249.95
0|defcon defcon: global thermonuclear domination gives you the chance to manage a scenario faced in the leading generals' worst nightmare: total nuclear war. the third world war is starting and you'll manage it from a single screen. you'll attempt to destroy your enemy through all-out nuclear war while stopping them from destroying you. each side has key cities and installations and up to six superpowers can compete at the same time on the same map. encore 0|splashid windows mobile software for pocket pc splashid safely and securely stores all of your personal identification information including user names passwords credit cards calling cards bank accounts pins and more.  29.95
0|microsoft office student and teacher edition 2004 macintosh graduate to microsoft office 2004 for mac student and teacher edition and let your intellect shine. groundbreaking new features in this release can help you manage create and share ideas with ease and confidence. for qualified educational users running mac os x version 10.2.8 or later this is a must-have application suite that offers full compatibility with windows versions of microsoft office applications plus many new features that are only available to mac users. when you're ready to get down to business microsoft office 2004 for mac provides the intuitive intelligent tools you need to transform your ideas and opportunities into action. put office 2004 to work for you whether you use your mac for home school or business. the new project center. a handy toolbox. work with tools that work like you the new features in microsoft office 2004 for mac aren't constrained by boundaries--in fact many of them are designed to give you access to your ideas and information from every program in the suite. thanks to input from thousands of mac users office 2004 contains tools that are more integrated and intuitive than ever. the new project center allows you to consolidate all of your project-related details and easily access them from word excel entourage and powerpoint 2004. quickly view all of your project-related e-mail messages files notes contacts and schedules in one convenient place. plus the new project gallery lets you quickly find the documents you've worked on recently while offering the new learn tab to find instructive sample documents. meanwhile the new compatibility report tool helps you resolve platform- and version-related compatibility issues before they arise. the tool identifies potential compatibility issues and offers ways to avoid them. lastly the office toolbox lets you quickly access compatibility reports your scrapbook and the project palette from word excel or powerpoint 2004. notebook layout view. improved track changes functionality. word 2004 express your ideas with more brilliance and clarity using the innovative new tools in microsoft word 2004 for mac. the gold standard in word processing works harder than ever for you with improved reference tools dynamic reviewing capabilities and enhanced views for organizing your thoughts. the new notebook layout view allows you to type right onto ruled notebook paper. manage different sections with tabs and quickly search for key ideas using this new view. plus with the improved track changes system in word 2004 you can view changes in comment balloons next to your text quickly identify the reviewer with color-coded comments and initiate instant message conversations about comments with msn messenger for mac. access a dictionary a thesaurus and a link to the microsoft encarta online encyclopedia right from the office toolbox or quickly scan and navigate through your document with the improved document map and thumbnail view. new page layout view. major charting improvements. excel 2004 organize analyze and present your data with precision and panache. the new tools in microsoft excel 2004 for mac give you more control over your spreadsheets and the enhanced charting tools give you more dynamic ways to display your information. the new page layout view lets you review and manipulate on screen what will appear on paper. now you can easily scale your data to fit the right number of pages and insert headers and footers by simply double-clicking in the document. meanwhile punch up your numbers with vibrant new color schemes. use the formatting palette to quickly update your chart type options data colors weights fills and special effects. smart buttons let you instantly track down and fix spreadsheet formula errors control how the autofill feature applies formatting to your data and more. and editing and functioning improvements mean that you can view the correct syntax for more than 140 functions to ensure that calculations work every time. you can also now simply click and drag to change ranges with the updated range finder. lastly xml file support is integrated in excel 2004 so you can share complex data with ease. handy new presenter tools. cool animations and transitions. powerpoint 2004 incorporate rich movies animations and transitions into your presentations with microsoft powerpoint 2004 for mac. keep the show running like a pro with features such as the on-screen timer notes navigation and more. new presenter tools help you keep your presentation well timed and make adjustments on the fly as you respond to your audience with the tools in the presenter's view window. you can also experiment with new 3d transitions and vivid custom animations to make your presentations richer and more dynamic. choose from more that 100 new design templates and quickly set font spacing size and transparency with the new format font dialog box. plus the expanded clip gallery helps you get creative with updated illustrations and new clip art. efficient new three-column view. robust management of accounts and contacts. entourage 2004 if your day revolves around connections and ideas use microsoft entourage 2004 for mac to pull it all together. consolidate your e-mail contacts calendar notes and project details in one easy-to-access place. the new three column view option lets you blaze through your inbox with new features such as the preview pane message threading and improved junk e-mail protection. with new message grouping you can easily group view and search for messages based on project sender date or other criteria. calendar printing has been improved too and now you can experience more flexibility and control over calendar formatting and printing options. meanwhile managing accounts and contacts has never been easier: access messages and contacts from multiple e-mail accounts and take advantage of integration with msn messenger for mac version 4.0. and now for the first time ever entourage features exchange server support so you can easily integrate macs with an exchange email system. another great feature archiving allows you to export personal information manager (pim) data--such as e-mail messages contacts or schedules--into an entourage archive package to keep your pim database clean and secure. eligibility to license office 2004 for mac student and teacher edition you must be a qualified educational user or the parent or guardian of a qualified educational user who is a minor. qualified educational users include full- or part-time students home schooled students and full- or part-time faculty or staff of an accredited educational institution. microsoft 149.99|emc auth mgr mnt base 24x7 24m per/u 155-250u - aut0000250be24   38
0|lotus dev. ws bus int monitor v4.2.4-multi plat mp eng ( af04mna ) ibm websphere business integration monitor displays real-time data from events created by ibm websphere mq workflow to allow decisive business performance management and optimization. it provides tactical problem-solving metrics with established performance measures and allows you to monitor work-in-process items and perform corrective actions by reassigning or suspending them. ibm websphere business integration monitor includes workflow dashboard for tracking processes work items and business performance measures. it also offers business dashboard to generate reports based on real-time and historical data and uses analysis tools such as trend and quartile analyses. lotus development corp 0|encore software 10599 - encore registry mechanic v.5.1 - complete product - utility - 1 user(s) - complete product - standard - pc encore software 10599 : pc tools registry mechanic will safely scan clean repair and optimize the windows registry with a few simple mouse clicks. now you can improve the pc's system performance and stability deeply scan and detect any errors and ...  25.97
0|macjournal v4 (mac) it's more than maintaining a diary. it's a word processor aimed at making it easy to write your thoughts catalog them in a blog and (if you wish) share them with the world. macjournal 4 makes journaling online a whole lot more interesting. easily create a personal journal with its simple-to-use interface. record audio entries for your journal or even podcast! if blogging is more your style macjournal 4 lets you publish your work as a blog to any of the popular blogging services including your .mac account. two-level security - password protection and aes-256 encryption - keeps your journal safe from prying eyes. for business or pleasure macjournal 4 is an easier way to express thoughts ideas opinions and just about anything else you can think of. improved full screen mode links smileys and words are recognized as you type now - not just when you save live word count field applescript support if you are a writer who needs a distraction-free writing landscape macjournal's full screen feature is for you! no background apps no email no menu bar just you and your words rich text editing where individual entries can have multiple colors fonts kerning spacing; really anything you want. in addition you can now drag image files from the file into entries! rulers can also be displayed to further help you align things powerful searching capabilities to search all of the entries in all of your journals with one click print any entry to a printer or pdf file. mac os x toolbar functions are available as items in the customizable toolbar in the main window. spellcheck while composing entries online blogs supporting livejournal blogger movable type wordpress and more requires - mac osx 10.3.5 or higher (including universal binary) csdc 39.95|clifford thinking overview that's why when clifford tries to do what other dogs do things can get a little out of hand. sometimes he gets into trouble. sometimes he saves the day. most of the time he has a lot of fun. all of the time he's a good dog and true friend ...  12.9
0|transfer my dvd  avanquest 29.95|visio developing solutions - microsoft press - 0-7356-1353-2 developing microsoft visio solutions is thecomprehensive guide for any software developer system analyst architect engineer cad program user or advanced computer userwho wants to tap directly into the programming power of visio 2002.it ...  23.28 gbp
0|ca arcserve bkup r11.5 win agent mac os x - upgrade prod only arcserve bkup r11.5 win agent mac os x - upg-v prod only computer associates 0|sega smash pack 2 enhance your game library with 7 classics in one collection! enjoy these seven classic hits that never grow old. the sega smash pack 2 also includes addictive puzzle game segaswirl as an added bonus!  8.95
0|montage (mac) montage 1.0 is the only screenwriting software exclusively developed for mac os x. it melds a simple user interface with powerful and intuitive features -- providing the best possible writing experience. montage makes it easy to create edit and manage screenplays on your macintosh. using it you can import final draft documents use pre-formatted templates for film tv radio and theater. montage guides the first time screenwriter or the seasoned veteran from start to finish. once your masterpiece is complete you can send your query synopsis and scripts to hundreds of included industry contacts through montage's integration with apple's address book. montage backs up any and all activity within the product native support for cocoa universal and accessible smart views allow writers to visually filter the script to the desired content based on criteria mariner software 149.95|garson/nyberg mike garson frank sinatra collection - my way from matrons to teenage fans millions of americans have shared an adoration of ol' blue eyes the man who did it all ?my way.? with some 1800 recordings 60 film credits two oscars numerous grammys and a 1994 grammy legends award at his bac  25.77
0|employee appraiser 5.0 deluxe mailer - marketing information: get the complete managerandquot;s toolkit with employee appraiser deluxe 5.0. it makes writing performance reviews faster from start to finish while helping you be a better manager. with memos documents templates and libraries employee appraiser deluxe includes all of the tools necessary to coach performance and track progress. product information - software sub type: hr management - software name: employee appraiser 5.0 deluxe - complete product - features and benefits: new features: - import/export employee data - due date reminders - job-specific review templates - job coach - sample business objective library other features: - writing assistant - tune text - development coach - day-to-day notebook - ratings calculator - language scan - import company form - performance objectives documents - 120 job descriptions - employee recognition guides and samples - coaching memos - development plans - corrective action notices - language support: english - platform support: pc license information - license type: complete product - license quantity: 1 user miscellaneous - compatibility: - pc global marketing 394.6|acid music studio 6 make your music more professional and more powerful!  59.95
0|punch! ultimate deck and landscape ultimate deck & landscape integrates landscaping deck design and exterior home design. estimator and deck wizards aid in creating your ideal outdoor living space. get 3-d photorealistic fly-throughs drag-and-drop textures and landscaping--all with a single interface.use the software to see how your home exterior will integrate with your deck and landscape design. add stone siding or paint color to match your current home or view changes as a remodeling part of your project. when you're ready to landscape your home design just add your plantings to your existing file. the software lets you landscape without redrawing your house plan. your results are rendered in high-resolution 3-d complete with shadows just like a photograph.design the perfect deck for your home plan with ultimate deck. multilevel or multistory decks with 3-d photorealistic textures stairs railings object placement and color capabilities give you the ability to design exactly the deck you want. deck wizards walk you through railings baluster options and more. the deck & landscape estimator compiles building material and landscape planting information in a custom spreadsheet report as you draw. the editable and exportable spreadsheet is available right from the program. just add in costs and you'll have an accurate report of your expenses. punch! software 29|nova development rgw-n10 winway resume deluxe 11.0 winway resume deluxe 11.0 nova development 349.99
0|elementary advantage 2008  encore software 0|sunburst to6090 key skills for math: subtracti sunburst key skills for math:subtraction practice key skills 50% off introductory offer.offer expires 12/31/04  47.99
0|pitstop pro 7.0 upgr - 6.x or higher pitstop pro 7.0 upgr - 6.x or higher enfocus software 199|c6q-00002 microsoft digital image suite plus - complete package - 1 pc - cd-rom (mini box) microsoft c6q-00002 : usually ships in 24 hours : in stock : get powerful digital photography tools and perfect your shots - whether you're a beginner or a pro.  93.33
0|upgrade freehand 11 maceng cd 1u model- adbcd57668mc vendor- adobe software features- freehand mx for mac- upgrade version macromedia freehand mx upgrade from freehand 9.x. note: to install upgrade successfully you will need a licensed version of macromedia freehand 9.x on the same platform as this purchase. use freehand mx for creative design storyboarding multipage document production and editing with an unparalleled set of creative design tools. easily repurpose your designs for print the internet or macromedia flash. * workflow: - graphic symbols help you streamline the creation and update of repetitive elements across your designs. once you ve defined an object or group as a symbol you can place an instance of that symbol throughout your document. when edits or updates are needed simply make your changes to the symbol and all instances are automatically updated. instances can be transformed individually with different attributes- such as effects-without breaking their relationship to the parent symbol. symbols are managed in the library panel. symbol libraries can also be shared across multiple documents allowing you to store commonly used elements-such as logos or navigation buttons-for use in all your designs. because only one definition of a graphic is stored using symbols in macromedia flash projects creates smaller swf files for faster web downloads. - all freehand mx panels and non-modal dialogs share a common look feel and behavior-enhancing workflow. panels you frequently use can be left open and out of the work area by docking with standard panel sets making it easy to customize the interface-and make your workspace more efficient. - freehand mx uses anti-ali adobe 274.95|encore software 10313 - professor fujis sudoku (win 98 me 2000 xp) encore software 10313 : puzzle fanatics! get ready for your next mission: sudoku! fully equipped with 3000 puzzle grids and printable puzzles its the itch that ll leave your brain scratching for more! system requirements: windows 98se/me/2000 sp4/ ...  8.27
0|punch 5 in 1 home design 5 in 1 home design is a fully integrated 3-d home design product that includes ultimate deck realmodel 3d home landscaping and furniture design software. punch's 3-d photorealistic technology allows users to fly through their entire design while enjoying great views from any angle.use the 3d home exterior & interior design program to view your home in thousands of subtle paint color choices or design walk-out basements and split-level designs with the slope tool. when you're ready to landscape your home design just add your plantings to your existing file. the software lets you landscape without redrawing your house plan. your results are rendered in high-resolution 3-d complete with shadows just like a photograph.design the perfect deck for your home plan with ultimate deck. multilevel or multistory decks with 3-d photorealistic textures stairs railings object placement and color capabilities give you the ability to design exactly the deck you want. deck wizards walk you through railings baluster options and more. also create objects from scratch or modify furniture from the included library. change colors fabrics patterns textures and more then use your creations to furnish your home plan. punch! software 39.99|super solvers - mission think - 25 user site license morty the notorious master of mischief is back in a wild and wacky arcade game that sharpens thinking and problem-solving skills that are fundamental to success in math science and everyday life. this time he and his metal minions have taken ...  79.95
0|steinberg nuendo 3 digital audio software nuendo 3 is designed to serve the needs for everyone producing sound for film television video or game. the new version of steinberg's renowned media production system offers more features for post production than ever before and also sets new standards in surround production. an extensive set of new features for traditional stereo audio production and an overall enhancement of many existing functions make nuendo one of the most powerful tools for any kind of media production available anywhere. top new features of nuendo 3 import and export of aaf (advanced authoring format) integrates the most modern project interchange format which is supported by companies such as avid apple digidesign sadie merging fairlight and adobe the improved media management tools include user definable event attributes and extended search functions enabling the user to setup and search his own audio databases; the convenient renaming functionality allows for comfortable and quick renaming of multiple clips regions and events the new warp to picture feature allows lightning-fast matching of audio to picture such as fine tuning of dialog replacement or aligning music to picture seamless integration of pinnacle liquid video editing technology through x-send project import from liquid video editing applications new afl/pfl functionality: pressing the l (listen) button on any channel enables you to exclusively monitor channel signal on the audition bus with routing an... steinberg 2499|crystal reports xi professional edition - complete package crystal reports xi professional edition - complete package - 1 user - win - french  537.57
0|pc cakewalk guitar tracks pro 3 introducing the all new guitar tracks pro 3 the revolutionary new pc recording software that gives you the freedom to create music anywhere anytime without worrying about technology the freedom to forget about the tools and focus on your music. guitar tracks pro includes everything you need to deliver professional results no expensive hardware is required. you get a 32-track digital recorder and virtual mixing console; amplitube le a special edition of the leading guitar amp plug-in; high-quality effects; powerful looping tools with full acid -loop support; a chromatic-tuner; a metronome; and a complete library of backing tracks. with guitar tracks pro 3 you get the best of both worlds pro quality production tools and the speed and ease of your old portable multi-track. so start your own revolution with guitar tracks pro 3 and set your music free. key features when it's time to take their music to the pc more guitar players and singer-songwriters rely on cakewalk music software than anything on the market today. key features include: familiar multitrack recorder interface record and play back up to 32 audio tracks arrange music with point and click ease extensive audio editing capabilities superior sonic quality up to 24-bit/96 khz record your whole band using up to 32 inputs and outputs through multi-channel audio hardware 32x8 internal mixing console mix and record using up to 32 simultaneous real-time effects accurate envelope... cakewalk 149.99|encore software 33027 - hoyle texas holdem (win 98 me 2000 xp) encore software 33027 : hoyle texas hold em lets you test your skills at the 1 poker game around plus a bonus of 13 other poker games! system requirements: windows 98/me/2000/xp pentium 166 mhz processor or faster 35 mb hard disk space 16 mb ram ...  8.44
0|pc hoyle jewels: swap & drop it if you're addicted to jewel puzzles hoyle jewels: snap and drop is right for you! it's the most entertaining and challenging jewel-swap game you'll ever play. how many jewels can you drop into your treasure chest? find out with classic and levels modes -- or race in timed mode for the ultimate fast and furious swap challenge! encore software 9.99|nova print explosion deluxe 3.0 system requirements ilife support spectacular scrapbook thousands of new greeting cards brand new look universal binary  46.99
0|audio success series: winning strategies it's a multi-session motivational retreat in a box from high achievers and athletes! and with winning strategies on 13 audio compact discs you'll hear first-hand what drives a former navy seal an nfl quarterback and other successful individuals and acclaimed athletes to greatness. from overcoming adversity to finding motivation the winning strategies audio suite offers hours of inspiration. topics entertainment 0|encore software 13851 - tlc blues clues preschool learning system 2008 encore software 13851 : encore software tlc blues clues preschool learning system 2008 - 13851  17.97
0|snap! spelling (jewel case) give your youngster a head start with snap spelling the colorful cd-rom software that focuses on this important language skill. designed especially for kids ages five to nine this disc is chock full of entertaining graphics cleverly utilized to reinforce the basics of word formation through the rules of letter combination. with its solid blend of activities and education snap spelling takes kids from point a to z.features:12 animated story episodes in 2 partsinterrupt the story at any time indulge in word play funprintable word mastery achievement certificateswindows system requirements:pentium 90 mhz or higherwindows 95/9816 mb ram2x cd-rom drivewindows compatible sound card256 colors or higher display graphicsmousemac system requirements:68040 or higher (including power pc)imac g3 or highersystem 7.5 or higher16 mb ram2x cd-rom drivecolor display capablemouse topics entertainment 19.95|global marketing partners mcid - global marketing magicard id professional software - educational software - complete product global marketing partners mcid : magicard id professional badging software for magicard opera 100 and avalon 100 printers. includes unlimited database entries (magicard id standard limited to 50 entries) and database import/export. magicard id ...  210.97
0|family tree maker 11.2 collector's edition whether you're an avid family historian or a complete novice family tree maker collectible edition version 11.2 will help you create detailed family trees books web sites reports and more. fill them with personal photos and family memorabilia. record your information now so you can pass on a treasured legacy in the future! encore 109.95|29270055 adobe creative suite 3 web standard - complete package - 1 user - cd - win - uni adobe systems 29270055 : usually ships in 24 hours : in stock : adobe creative suite 3 web standard software is the basic toolkit for web designers and developers.  1056.98
0|mavis beacon teaches typing 16 mavis beacon teaches typing 16 helps you perform better at work and online with this simple guide to better keyboarding! explore 30 different lessons and perfect typing technique for faster and more efficient work. broderbund 19.99|steinberg wavelab studio 6 audio editing software - educational discount music production software wavelab studio 6 - audio editing and mastering suite software for windows 2000/xp - educational discount wavelab studio 6 from steinberg is an audio editor and mastering suite software package that is based on the same sample accurate 32-bit audio ...  149.95
0|cubase se3 educational edition *to qualify for steinberg educational edition products customers must have a current student or faculty id card. after you place your order fax a copy of the id to (831) 477-1206 or email to id@steinbergupgrades(dot)com. music creation & production system cubase se3 offers a budget-priced music production system for composing recording editing and mixing your music. using professional audio technologies cubase se3 features a 32-bit floating point audio engine 24-bit/96 khz recording unlimited midi tracks and automatic plug-in compensation throughout the entire signal path. a plethora of audio and midi features powerful editors and a complete set of effect plug-ins round off the impressive feature set. and with cubase se3 youre using a system thats compatible with all current cubase products used in professional studios around the world. steinberg 0|tom kolb star licks modes for the lead guitarist modes for the lead guitarist features tom kolb one of rock's most talented musicians and an instructor at the world renowned guitar institute of technology presenting an in depth study of modes. he takes you step by step through major and minor ...  7.6
0|sentinel: descendants in time sentinel: descendants in time gives you a chance to rediscover the treasures of an ancient people. the tastan civilization has been extinct for many years leaving behind only the mysterious tastan caverns. you'll take a young explorer intot hese forbidden caverns to find what secrets they hide. great treasure great technology and great secrets are waiting for you! dreamcatcher interactive 19.99|avanquest usa llc pcdefense offers full protection against a wide range of spyware crimeware malware keyloggers rootkits viruses and other stealth applications pcdefense protects you from: spyware - spyware scan removes the spyware that's compromising your privacy r  26.11
0|resumemaker professional 12.0 resume maker pro deluxe 12 makes it easy to write a better resume and get a better job with this digital career opportunity. it's designed for both novices and professionals to create the perfect cover letter bio and resume text. it can even add audio and video to your digital copy for a more advanced and eye-catching final product. make sure you get noticed with this amazing new resume tool! individual software 29.99|individual software pro-tsm hanes t-shirt maker deluxe hanes t-shirt maker deluxe now you can make custom designed t-shirts and other personalized gifts just like the pros. hanes t-shirtmaker plus deluxe is perfect for kids' projects birthday parties team jerseys fund raisers grandparent gifts ... individual software 24.99
0|x-oom mp3 radio recorder ( windows ) mp3 radio recorder makes it easy to legally record mp3s of your favorite internet stations. choose from over 6 000 different radio stations and record their audio streams. the software turns them into mp3 .wav of ogg vorbis format. you can record up to 20 streams of your favourite tracks legally at one time then copy your music files directly to your ipod or onto a usb storage device. x-oom 0|bt00hna ibm rational robot - ( v. 6.0.0 ) - media - cd - win - english ibm bt00hna : usually ships in 24 hours : : ibm rational robot is a best-of-breed functional regression and configuration-testing tool for environments in which applications are developed using more than one ide and/or programming language.  108.95
0|jumpstart advanced 2nd grade v2.0 the jumpstart advanced 2nd grade helps children build and practice essential skills and get a head start on 3rd grade. with adjustable pacing and the ability to select activities that correspond to their learning style preferences students can create a personalized learning experience. subjects include: art - art styles art vocabulary music - music styles & music notation thinking skills - logical thinking & problem solving knowledge adventure 19.99|who wants to be a millionaire sports edition face regis philbin and 15 challenging sports questions on the way to a virtual 1000000 dollar prize. you're in the hot seat with all the tension of the millionaire tv show!  8.95
0|kaplan sat/act/psat express kaplan has helped more than 3 million students score higher on admission exams and - get into the nation's top colleges and universities. our effective program of practice review and test-taking strategies has made higher score sat act psat the bestselling test prep software brand. kaplan is the nation's 1 test prep company for a reason-results! kaplan's powerful approach combines personalized instruction with realistic practice and score-raising strategies. with this in-depth program you'll unlock the tests and get the high score you need to get into the college you want. diagnose take a diagnostic exam to determine test strengths and weaknesses. target focus your prep and build skills with a personal study plan. practice practice practice and practice again with realistic exams and quizzes. improve build confidence and speed with kaplan's score-raising test strategies. disc 1: higher score on the sat & psat in-depth sat and psat content review drills strategies and practice tests designed to help raise your score: analysis of math critical reading & writing skills extensive math critical reading & writing tutorials printable vocabulary lists and flashcards games & activities to improve response times complete performance analysis by question type topic technique time spent-including whether or not you're changing correct answers to wrong ones! full-length new sat and psat tests section tests for critical reading math and writing disc 2: higher score on the act thorough act content review drills strategies and practice tests designed to help raise your score: broad content review in english math reading & science complete discussion & review of each question type section-length practice tests covering english math reading & science full-length practice tests for the act windows system requirements: processor type - intel pentium ii processor processor speed - 300mhz oper topics entertainment 9.99|autodesk 52711-051462-h326 ais 11 comm cg from a-cad m 2005 dvd ais 11 comm cg from a-cad m 2005 dvd  1614.24
0|adobe after effects cs3 bring your vision to life with blockbuster visual effects and compelling motion graphics in adobe after effects cs3 professional software. work with sophisticated tools and enjoy tight integration with adobe's leading design applications while you deliver stunning work to virtually any media type. design from scratch or jump-start projects from hundreds of fully customizable presets and templates--all from within a streamlined interface. an elaborate animation made up of multiple variations on a six-pointed star is easy to create; the repeater feature makes it possible to offset variations on a theme. all properties of the shape can also be keyframed. layer styles can transform the look of text with just a few clicks. here outer glow and a drop shadow add visual interest and dimension. styles can be toggled on and off even animated. just a few examples of what is possible with per-character 3d text. create motion graphics and visual effects with the industry standard take your inspiration to new heights: create beautiful sophisticated animations and effects more effectively than ever with adobe after effects cs3 professional. whether you design from scratch or jump-start projects from any of the hundreds of customizable templates and presets the latest version of after effects lets you exceed expectations with less effort. use innovative new features like shape layers the puppet tool brainstorm and clip notes to design animate and review with greater creative freedom. after effects is available as a standalone product or as a component of adobe creative suite 3 production premium and master collection software. eliminate rerendering and move easily between after effects adobe premiere pro cs3 and encore cs3 software using adobe dynamic link part of production premium. adobe creative suite 3 production premium is a complete digital video production solution in which adobe after effects cs3 provides the ability to generate animations and composites of all kinds from stylized motion graphics to realistic visual effects. adobe creative suite 3 master collection combines the powerful components of production premium with those of creative suite 3 design premium and web premium. whether you are a motion graphics designer visual effects artist video editor or a designer of rich media for the web adobe after effects cs3 professional lets you: innovate visually--unleash your creative vision with responsive controls and amazing effects. animate freely and with even more flexibility using new shape layers and the new puppet tool. use the new brainstorm interface to naturally evolve animation variations based on parameters you choose. maximize your time--deliver your best work on schedule. the intuitive interface in adobe after effects cs3 professional lets you accomplish even the most complex tasks faster while keeping you focused on your vision. enhanced multi-core and multi-processor support enables faster renders; powerful integration allows you to move quickly and efficiently between after effects and adobe photoshop cs3 extended adobe premiere pro cs3 adobe flash cs3 professional adobe illustrator cs3 and adobe encore cs3. design for tomorrow today--adobe after effects cs3 professional delivers on tomorrow's challenges today with flexible tools that anticipate the future of design and animation. work with tools that enable you to deliver professional results on virtually any type of media. create quicktime and flash video for the web and work with a wide range of formats from hdv to openexr h.264 and camera raw. ensure output quality for an array of supported mobile devices. after effects is available for intel and power pc mac or for microsoft windows xp and windows vista. audience benefit motion graphics and visual effects professionals--as a professional in your field you need to meet tight deadlines for clients who demand the highest quality productions. adobe after effects cs3 professional helps you reach peak performance and realize your vision with the industry's leading compositing and animation tools for creating stunning motion graphics and visual effects. with improved performance and tight integration with other adobe applications you'll get there faster moving quickly and efficiently between after effects and adobe photoshop cs3 extended adobe premiere pro cs3 flash cs3 professional illustrator cs3 and encore cs3 while getting the best performance from your hardware. video editors and producers--when budgets are tight and clients are on a deadline adobe after effects cs3 professional offers an intuitive easy-to-learn interface along with powerful tools to enhance your production values. tight integration with adobe's other professional video applications means you can get great results quickly and when you need to jump-start projects without sacrificing quality you can use the new brainstorm feature or customize any of hundreds of timesaving professionally designed presets and templates. flash animators and graphic designers--work with state-of-art animation tools inside a familiar adobe interface and enjoy unprecedented integration with adobe flash as well as other adobe applications you already use including photoshop and illustrator. graphic designers can import photoshop and illustrator files with layers transparency and blend modes intact to bring still imagery to life. flash animators can import and output swf or flv files with alpha channels and cue points. new in adobe after effects cs3 professional shape layers easily create and animate vector graphics with new shape layers. add and animate strokes fills gradients and vector effects. you can convert text into shapes and animate them just like any other shape type. puppet tool this new fast and intuitive animation tool lets you squash and stretch images or text to bring it to life as an animated character. use motion sketch to record the position and speed of your puppet movements the starch tool to stiffen areas of the character and the overlap tool to control the depth of elements of your puppet. adobe photoshop cs3 extended integration enjoy a streamlined workflow with support for importing layered photoshop images that include video layers. sophisticated photoshop layer styles can be easily modified or animated within after effects. import vanishing point data from photoshop into after effects to build 3d compositions automatically. tight integration with adobe flash cs3 professional work more efficiently to create and edit flash animations. preserve vectors from animations created in after effects for lean and clean delivery and create flash video more easily. import swf files as vectors with alpha channels preserved and batch render flash videos with embedded cue points. per-character 3d text animation explore new text animation possibilities by making individual characters in your text--or an entire phrase--move and rotate in 3d space. brainstorm jump-start animations with brainstorm a new user interface that offers variations on selected design and animation parameters. choose which properties and effects you want to explore and brainstorm will propose animated variations. complete color management workflow enable color management simply by selecting a project working space. doing so helps ensure the color accuracy of imported files as they are displayed and rendered and allows you to preview how footage will look on other devices. adobe clip notes streamline the review and approval process. render your work into an adobe pdf file that enables anyone with adobe reader software to make timecode-accurate comments. when you import the comments into after effects they appear as markers on the timeline. enhanced performance harness your computer's processing power with new multicore and graphics acceleration plus disk caching so you can spend less time waiting and more time creating. distribute rendering across your entire network to maximize output performance. 3d compositions from vanishing point export vanishing point data from photoshop extended and then import into after effects to automatically build a 3d composition from the 2d photoshop image. additional features innovative compositing and animation tools create high-impact communications by combining moving imagery still images and graphics text and sound in 2d or 3d space and then animating virtually any aspect of each element. text and vector graphics creation and animation create text and vector graphics in after effects using familiar adobe tools and then animate these elements to create visually innovative new motion graphics. extensive visual effects manipulate moving and still images using hundreds of effects such as stylize distort shatter and time remapping. create grids radio waves 3d particles film grain fractal noise and more. timesaving toolsstart projects quickly with animation presets and behaviors when creating common animation elements such as animating text in and out creating synthetic backgrounds and more. use new brainstorm to quickly experiment and refine designs using parameters you define. learn fast with tool tips and training resources in the box and on the web and streamline your review process with clip notes to create and import comments. comprehensive masking and keying tools control which portions of a layer are visible by importing manipulating and animating masks; flexible auto-tracing options and rotobezier masks make it easy to get precise results. key bluescreen and greenscreen mattes with the academy award-winning keylight and a host of supporting tools. powerful motion controls animate graphics and text using the puppet tool. apply motion blur to produce more realistic animations or use timewarp to slow down and speed up footage. precisely match the motion of source footage using motion tracker and get the look of a locked-off shot using motion stabilizer. enhanced performance harness your computer's processing power with new multicore and graphics acceleration plus disk caching so you can spend less time waiting and more time creating. distribute rendering across your entire network to maximize output performance. professional results for every media type compatibility with an extensive list of output formats lets you produce animated content for virtually any media from the web and mobile devices to film and broadcast. plus after effects cs3 professional introduces color management tools to help make the color-correction process more predictable and preserve color fidelity. high-fidelity color use standard color management tools with enhancements for film and video workflows. 32-bit 2d and 3d compositing and animation create high-impact communications by combining moving imagery graphics text and sound in 2d or 3d space and then animating virtually any aspect of each element. freely work with high dynamic range imagery in a color-managed workflow. per-character 3d text animation explore new text animation possibilities by making individual characters in your text--or an entire phrase--move and rotate in 3d space. complete color management workflow enable color management simply by selecting a project working space. doing so helps ensure the color accuracy of imported files as they are displayed and rendered and allows you to preview how footage will look on other devices. project templates use included project templates for dvd motion menus and motion graphics backgrounds. nondestructive vector painting paint nondestructively on layers to clean up footage draw masks clone elements and create animations. 32-bit audio tools import 32-bit audio files mixed and mastered in adobe soundbooth or adobe audition software. fine-tune audio levels precisely using vu meters with peak and clip indicators on the audio panel. color accuracy take advantage of an end-to-end color management workflow to ensure color accuracy throughout your production pipeline. powerful masking and keying tools for creating video transparency control which portions of a layer are visible by importing manipulating and animating masks. key bluescreen and greenscreen mattes with academy award-winning keylight and a host of supporting tools to rival those available in any other application. flexible auto-tracing options and rotobezier masks make it easy to get precise results. video for mobile use new rendering options and preview in adobe device central cs3 to help ensure your video will look great on an array of supported mobile devices. adobe 999|38039295dm adobe flash cs3 professional - ( v. 9 ) - media - tlp tlp nonprofit - dvd - mac adobe systems 38039295dm : usually ships in 24 hours : : adobe flash cs3 professional software is the most advanced authoring environment for creating rich interactive content for digital web and mobile platforms.  18.88
0|corel painter x win/mac corel painter x offers artists and photographers professional art & design tools unmatched by any other software. corel painter x blurs the line between traditional and digital art. it introduces unparalleled performance new color and composition tools and the realbristle painting system providing an organic painting & illustration experience. top 10 reasons to buy corel painter x 1 speed: corel painter x has been significantly optimized to provide artists the fastest version of painter--ever! 2 workspace manager: customize backup your workspace and share brushes and content with ease 3 secure saving: auto-backups provide added peace of mind when saving files 4 next-generation natural media: representing a major milestone for digital painting realbristle brushes emulate their traditional counterparts right down to the individual bristles on the brushes. while artists have always marveled at how closely corel painter resembles traditional art media corel painter x takes realism to a whole new level 5 composition tools: compose your images like a master using the divine proportion or the rule of thirds 6 enhanced photo-painting: now it's even easier than ever for photographers to create stunning paintings from photos! new settings offer more control over your underpainting and new smart stroke provides greater intelligence during auto-painting. 7 enhanced adobe photoshop support: with easier layer grouping and combining and improved support for layer merge modes artists can more effectively work between corel painter x and adobe photoshop 8 intel-based mac support: now you can get the best performance from corel painter x and your new intel-based mac. corel painter x is a universal binary application which allows it to run natively on intel-based macintosh computers. 9 windows vista: now corel painter x is compatible with microsoft's latest operating system--windows vista 10 jeremy sutton training videos: includes access to free training videos by renowned painter master jeremy sutton the realbristle painting system sets a new standard for digital painting. new composition tools will help you compose your paintings like the masters. dodge and burn capabilities have been improved with the addition of two new image enhancement tools. new composition tools will help you compose your paintings like the masters. the auto-painting palette transforms a photograph into a painting. unparalleled performance. next generation art & design tools new corel painter x--the world's most powerful natural-media painting and illustration software--features unique digital brushes art materials and textures that mirror the look and feel of their traditional counterparts. setting the standard for digital painting and illustration the corel painter x digital art studio introduces new composition tools unparalleled performance and the all-new realbristle painting system that models traditional brushes like never before--right down the individual bristles on the brush! designed for artists designers and photographers ...and the next generation of creative professionals! commercial designers commercial designers require powerful tools for their craft. that's why many of the world's foremost illustrators automotive concept designers industrial designers architects and graphic designers use corel painter. corel painter x enables commercial designers to vividly capture their creative vision and handcraft distinctive designs illustrations and logos for their clients. entertainment artists leading artists in the entertainment industry use corel painter to produce some of the world's best-known movies comic books and video games. professional entertainment artists can speed their production time by using corel painter x--leveraging their natural talents and techniques--to create astounding scenes characters vehicles and textures. professional photographers in recent years corel painter has sparked a new trend in the professional photography market as photographers explore the creative possibilities of turning their photographs into paintings. corel painter x offers photographers new revenue streams by making it easier than ever to create breathtaking hand-painted works of art from their photographs. fine artists many fine artists use corel painter as their primary art medium. their works appear in galleries around the world demonstrating that digitally-created art has become an accepted medium on the world's art scene. corel painter x enables artists to experiment with new techniques without investing the time and money that would ordinarily be required with analog mediums and achieve results that emulate those of their traditional counterparts. students educators around the world are harnessing the power and ease-of-use of corel painter to help enhance the learning experience and provide students with the skills they need to succeed as leading creative professionals. product highlights and new features corel painter x offers a broad range of tools and features that inspire creativity increase performance and further extend compatibility with other industry-standard tools and applications. it delivers an impressive array of new features that provide unprecedented power to replicate traditional art media--right down to the individual bristles on the brush. increased performance corel painter x has been optimized to provide artists with the fastest version of painter--ever! depending on system hardware brushes perform up to 35% faster--and file opening and saving is up to two times faster! new realbristle painting system the new realbristle painting system heightens the responsiveness of the brush and represents a major milestone for digital painting. artists can now faithfully replicate the sensation of the interaction between the paint the canvas and the brush. see it in action. new composition tools new composition tools help artists and photographers visually arrange a blank canvas prior to sketching or painting or create an aesthetically pleasing composition from a photo using the divine proportion tool and the rule of thirds. used throughout history by artists designers and architects alike the divine proportion will help you compose your paintings like the masters! similarly professional photographers often use the rule of thirds to compose their photographs. see it in action. new workspace manager: corel painter x allows you to easily customize and back up your workspaces as well as export and share them with your friends and colleagues. see it in action. enhanced photo-painting system it's now easier than ever for photographers to create stunning paintings from photographs! major improvements offer greater control when underpainting and the new smart strokes technology adds more intelligence during auto-painting. see it in action. the underpainting palette includes color schemes based on various artistic styles such as impressionist classical modern watercolor sketchbook and chalk drawing. you can also match your underpainting's palette to that of any open image the auto-painting palette transforms a photograph into a painting by automatically applying brushstrokes while intelligently changing stroke size and direction using new smart stroke technology. new downloadable training videos: getting up and running quickly with the new training videos by painter master jeremy sutton! see it in action. new universal mixer palette for multicolor selection the new universal mixer palette gives you better control over color blending between the mixer palette and the canvas. see it in action. dodge and burn tools dodge and burn capabilities have been improved with the addition of two new image enhancement tools to the toolbox. now preparing photos for paintings is easier than ever! enhanced adobe photoshop support with improved layer grouping and combining and enhanced support for layer merge modes artists can more efficiently work between corel painter x and adobe photoshop. enhanced wacom support artists can use the entire wacom product line--including the cintiq 21 ux interactive pen display the intuos 3 pen tablet and the wacom 6d art pen. new printed user guide full and upgrade customers receive a color printed user guide which provides useful reference information and fast solutions. also includes a 16-page art gallery. new match palette effect the new match palette effect lets you match the color and intensity between two images. just open an image that features your desired color scheme and use the match palette effect to bring the desired color scheme to the image you want to change. windows vista support corel painter x is compatible with microsoft's latest operating system--windows vista. intel-based mac support with support for universal binary specifications corel painter x is optimized for use on intel-based mac computers. fundamentals corel painter's heritage is deeply rooted in the foundations of art theory and technique. over the years painter developers have worked closely with artists from around the world to create the next-generation art studio. providing an experience that is unmatched by any other software corel painter has grown to become the world's most powerful painting & illustration application. artists designers and photographers continue to enjoy many features that have been the cornerstones of this ground-breaking application for years. the following features let creative professionals leverage their natural talents and techniques to create original works of art distinguishing corel painter from other applications. brushes brushes have always been the heart and soul of corel painter. there are more than 30 brush categories ranging from crayons chalk and charcoal to acrylics watercolor liquid ink artists' oils and the new realbristle. while most brush categories mirror the look and feel of traditional brushes others offer users a one-of-a-kind creative tool. brushes are organized into distinct categories each featuring a multitude of variants. the following brush categories are just a sample of those available to corel painter x customers. artists' oils painting system: the artists' oils painting system enables users to apply paint blends created in the mixer palette directly onto images in the document window. each brush dab loads the brush variant with a finite amount of oil. as the oil runs out the brush stroke becomes fainter. brush strokes interact with any paint already on the canvas just as they would with natural media. watercolor: watercolor brush variants produce natural-looking watercolor effects. almost all brush variants in the watercolor category interact with the canvas texture. for most of these variants stylus pressure affects the width of the brush stroke. as with traditional-media watercolor brushes greater pressure on the brush widens a stroke and less pressure narrows a stroke. chalk: chalk brush variants produce the thick rich texture of natural chalk sticks and cover with strokes that interact with the paper grain. the opacity is linked to stylus pressure. image hose: the image hose behaves like a brush but it sprays images instead of applying paint. users can also load their own image or select from the library included in the application. cloners: painting with a cloner brush is similar to painting with any corel painter brush except that cloner brush variants take their color information from a clone source such as a pattern or another image instead of from the colors palette. some cloner brush variants reproduce a source image directly. other cloner brush variants reproduce a source image with low opacity and soft edges or use paper grain and specialized dabs for particular media effects. brush controls brush control palettes provide quick easy access to all brush settings and controls. making on-the-fly changes to brush settings and variables is as simple as dragging a slider& 128;without any disruption to workflow. for example the boost slider found in the general palette of the brush controls instantly enhances brush speed. just drag the slider and see brush performance accelerate. gitanjali rao's printed rainbow animated film. winner of three best short film awards at cannes 2006 including the kodak discovery award& 128;best short film; the young critics award& 128;best short film; and the rail d'or& 128;best short film. www.printedrainbow.com textures in the traditional art world an artist's brush or drawing tool produces different results when applied to surfaces with different textures. corel painter allows users to control the texture of the canvas to achieve the results they would expect from conventional art media on a given surface. brushes interact with paper grain just as natural tools react with the texture of the surfaces beneath them. textures can also be used to create special effects such as rusted metal on an intergalactic spaceship or bark on a tree. animation corel painter has an impressive array of animation features. the onion skinning feature enables users to view previous and future frames while working on the current frame. the rotoscoping feature enables users to paint and modify a single frame of an existing movie. animated movies can be saved as animated gifs quicktime movies or avi movies. support for industry-standard file formats corel painter lets users open and save a variety of file formats including adobe photoshop (psd) corel paint shop pro (psp) tiff (cmyk & rgb) windows bitmap (bmp) pc paintbrush (pcx) targa (tga) gif jpeg mac pict quicktime (mov) and video for windows (avi) files. users can also save files in encapsulated postscript (eps) format. corel 429|pinnacle studio ultimate v11 video editing software for windows consumer video editing software studio ultimate v11 video editing software for windows special offer the studio ultimate v11 video editing software for windows from pinnacle allows you to edit video and output it to dvd tape or to a video file that can be optimized for the ...  129.95
0|encyclopedia britannica profiles: dinosaurs (jewel case) the captivating world of dinosaurs at yourfingertips product informationwhat makes dinosaurs so interesting - their huge size their exotic mystique? oris it just that we're still learning about these strange lumbering creatures asscientists make new disco atari 9.99|learning quickbooks (pc) intuit key features: get information work efficiently gain confidence for windows 2000/xp/vista ...  39.99
0|pc tutor learn windows vista & office 2007 pc tutor's innovative courseware will give you expert training for windows vista and microsoft office 2007. the lessons and exercises included here will engage and motivate you every step of the way. the result is knowledge you're more likely to retain - and put to practical use. take advantage of proven methods that teach you the facts that matter most - at a pace that's right for you. there's no easier or more enjoyable way to improve your computer skills and learn windows vista and office 2007. nova development 29.99|windows vista ultimate - upgrade see it in action [take the 3d tour]windows vista? ultimate from microsoft lets you enjoy elegant and visually compelling windows aero? desktop experience. it features windows aero? windows flip 3d navigation and instant search which ...  259
0|adobe cs3 design premium macosx dvd design premium cs3 3 mac ed 1u adobe 599|corel painter x academic system requirements mac os x (version 10.3.9 or higher with latest revision applied) macintosh computer with a 700 mhz or faster power pc g4 power pc g5 or intel processor 256 mb of ram (512 mb recommended) mouse or tablet 24-bit color display ...  94.99
0|steinberg halion symphonic orchestra virtual instrument (academic version) halion symphonic orchestra puts the awesome emotive power and sheer sonic majesty of a full symphonic orchestra under your total control. evocative scores exquisite arrangements emotive accompaniments: hso is the ideal cost effective symphonic instrument for composition production and pre-production in music tv and film scoring and game sound. &nbsp; the luxuriously extensive content provided on three double layer dvds spans over 1200 instruments recorded in the very highest fidelity using top-of-the-range equipment. capturing every nuance and detail of a full palette and dynamic range of strings brass woodwind and percussion instruments the massive 27gb library includes an almost inexhaustible range of articulations and expressive playing techniques. and because the vast hso library is uniquely versatile halion symphonic orchestra sounds just as great in an rnb production as in a baroque chamber piece. feature highlights: complete symphonic orchestra with breathtakingly authentic strings brass woodwind and percussion 1250 instrument patches and combis in 27gb of samples extraordinarily expressive with full dynamic range covering all common articulations of each instrument richly detailed and perfectly balanced sound with adjustable real recorded ambience extremely versatile for all styles from baroque to rnb and everything in between outstanding playability and instant access to all the most important parameters efficient use of... steinberg 374.99|big oil: build an oil empire enter the era of the oil industry pioneers. become the biggest big oil tycoon of all. over 300 different buildings and vehicles out of 3 centuries. build an oil empire and turn crude to cash!  8.95
0|aquazone bass edition aquazone bass edition mini box windows xp/w2k/mac osx10.3 or newer smith micro software 19.99|adobe after effects (v7.0) pro mac up pro-pro - adobe - 12070227 adobe after effects is recognized as the essential tool for motiongraphics and visual effects. after effects boosts your efficiencywith superior performance and the right tools that enable you towork both faster and smarter. after effects delivers ...  185.32 gbp
0|lavasoft ad-aware plus edition with its award-winning technology ad-aware plus edition puts you in complete control. it offers you the highest level of protection from both known and unknown threats such as data-mining aggressive advertising parasites scumware selected traditional trolans dialers malware browser hijackers and tracking components. ad-aware plusedition offers you all the power of the personal edition but has been enhanced with additional powerful features to protect your privacy. ad-watch s real-time monitor goes beyond what other security suites offer by adding another layer of protection to your system. ad-aware plus with ad-watch allows you not only to detect privacy threats to your computer; you can also block them from integrating into your system in the first place! system requirements: windows 95/98/me/nt/2000/xp/2003 and ms terminal services tri synergy 29.99|masque publishing solitaire antics deluxe 50 different games of solitaire includes tours double deck games customizable rules and options high score and statistics tracking and features many new decks backgrounds sound effects and animations the palm pilot and windows ce versions ...  8.46
0|weekly reader mastering high school 2008 the weekly reader mastering middle school learning system provides a complete and proven system for accelerated learning. developed by educational experts it includes all the core subjects a child is expected to master. lessons are taught using revolutionary multi-sensory tools -- interactive questions cutting edge graphics video audio activities games audio books integrated quizzes and top-ranking reference materials. the progress report tracks student progress and provides parents a valuable tool to instantly see where a child is doing well or needs extra work. now works on ipod and ipod nano for learning on the go! for grades 9 through 12. fogware publishing 29.99|22030094 adobe encore dvd - ( v. 2.0 ) - complete package - 1 user - dvd - win - universa adobe systems 22030094 : usually ships in 24 hours : : adobe encore dvd software takes dvd authoring to a new level of creativity and efficiency.  377.61
0|sibelius compass  sibelius software ltd. 159.99|panda software gatdef performa anti-spam mod 2001-3k 1yr - a1pgdpcash-gov   14
0|ibm rational clearcase lt - ( v. 6.0.0 ) - media - vol - passport passport adva  ibm 0|433691-b21 hp proliant essentials power regulation manager - license - 1 server - win hp 433691-b21 : usually ships in 24 hours : : information technology professionals rely on hp quality to ensure maximum productivity.  88.56
0|adobe photoshop cs3 extended upgrade [mac] note: this is the upgrade version of adobe photoshop cs3 extended. ideal for film video and multimedia professionals and graphic and web designers using 3d and motion as well as professionals in engineering and science adobe photoshop cs3 extended upgrade software delivers everything in photoshop cs3 and more. render and incorporate 3d images into your 2d composites. stop time with easy editing of motion graphics on video layers. and probe your images with measurement analysis and visualization tools. the professional standard now comes in two versions& 151;photoshop cs3 and photoshop cs3 extended with additional features and enhancements for specialized image professionals. the clone stamp and healing brush tools now feature an overlay preview of the source areas. the loupe tool in adobe bridge cs3 lets you easily zoom into the fine detail of any image. zoomify export allows you to efficiently display even the highest resolution imagery over low bandwidth web connections. edit 3d and motion-based images adobe photoshop cs3 extended includes key new capabilities that let you incorporate 3d and motion-based content into your image editing workflow. now you can render 3d content into your 2d composites edit existing textures on 3d models and embed your edited models into adobe pdf files for easy collaboration with colleagues. plus you can animate video frames paint and clone over multiple video frames and import and export video files in a wide range of formats. analyze images with precision photoshop cs3 extended helps professionals in manufacturing medicine architecture engineering and scientific research gain more insight from images. measurement and counting tools enable analysis of 2d and 3d images. matlab users can pull image data from photoshop extended into matlab and visualize results of matlab algorithms back in the software. and medical professionals can correct annotate and analyze dicom files. adobe bridge for photoshop cs3 extended features faster performance the filters panel to quickly narrow your view the new loupe tool for close-up inspection of any image and much more. photoshop cs3 extended enables you to open native 3d file formats manipulate the models in 3d space open and edit textures applied to the models and then easily composite the results with 2d images. new features for motion graphics professionals in photoshop cs3 extended include cloning and healing over time with the help of the new clone source palette and preview overlays the enhanced animation palette for time-based editing and native video layers in color depths from 8- to 32-bit. brushes layers and selections are just three of the core editing features now available for 32-bit hdr images exclusively in photoshop cs3 extended. work more productively with improved performance throughout the editing workflow photoshop cs3 extended helps you work more productively--even when editing the most specialized images. experience native performance on both intel and powerpc based macs and on microsoft windows vista systems. maximize your workspace with a streamlined interface process raw images with increased speed and quality and manage assets more efficiently in the revamped adobe bridge cs3. composite and edit with unrivaled power leverage the power of the industry standard for the utmost creative control in image editing and compositing. now you can apply filters nondestructively manage and correct color more easily convert color images to rich black-and-white with one click and retouch images with more powerful cloning and healing tools. plus you can enjoy advanced compositing with breakthrough tools for aligning and blending layers automatically and making image selections with one brush stroke. product highlights experience smooth handling of 3d and motion-based content. gain deeper insights from your images with new measurement and analysis tools. boost your productivity with a streamlined interface enhancements to raw-image processing and asset management workflows and more. achieve your vision with unrivaled power to edit composite and experiment. audience benefit film video and multimedia professionals and graphic and web designers using 3d and motion--with adobe photoshop cs3 extended software you can now leverage the power of the photoshop image-editing toolset and paint engine when editing 3d and motion-based content for film video the web and mobile devices. manufacturing and design engineers--with adobe photoshop cs3 extended software you can easily import rotate and create different rendering modes and edit existing textures on 3d models to enhance 3d content or create compelling composites of 2d and 3d content. medical professionals--adobe photoshop cs3 extended software helps you improve patient care with powerful tools for documenting and analyzing treatment and visualizing potential outcomes. architects and engineers--adobe photoshop cs3 extended software helps you communicate your vision clearly and make an impact with all of your drawings and designs. scientific researchers--adobe photoshop cs3 extended software delivers new tools for analyzing and extracting data from images and offers powerful presentation capabilities to help you communicate your discoveries. students and educators--with features designed for professionals in video and motion graphics production manufacturing medicine architecture engineering and scientific research adobe photoshop cs3 extended software is a key new tool for students pursuing careers in these fields and for their instructors. product overview get everything in adobe photoshop cs3 software and more with photoshop cs3 extended which enables you to edit 3d and motion-based content and perform image analysis. edit 3d and motion-based images 3d image editing 3d compositing and texture editing easily render and incorporate rich 3d content into your 2d composites--even edit textures on 3d models directly within photoshop extended and immediately see the results. photoshop extended supports common 3d interchange formats including 3ds obj u3d kmz and collada so you can import view and interact with most 3d models. integration with adobe acrobat 8 software create modify and collaborate on 3d content more easily through tight integration between photoshop cs3 extended and acrobat 3d software. convert myriad 3d cad formats to the robust u3d interchange format enhance models and create composites with photoshop extended and easily embed 3d models created in photoshop extended into pdf files to distribute for review. enhanced vanishing point with 3d support edit in perspective on multiple surfaces--even those connected at angles other than 90 degrees--with the enhanced vanishing point which also lets you measure in perspective; wrap graphics images and text around multiple planes; and output 2d planes as 3d models. video and animation design movie paint enhance video directly within photoshop extended. now you can paint add text and clone over multiple frames of an imported video sequence. smooth animation workflow easily create animations from a series of still images or video frames with a new animation palette that enables onion skinning. broad video format support including quicktime import quicktime movies and most avi and mpeg files and output video and animations to mov avi mpeg-4 flv 3g flc h.264 (ipod) and dv stream. video layers create and edit images for video with maximum quality and a broader range of color models. edit and enhance grayscale rgb cmyk and lab models at 8- 16- and 32-bit depths with color management. analyze images with precision measurement counting and edit-tracking tools 2d and 3d measurement tools extract quantitative information from images with new measurement tools. easily calibrate or set the scale of an image and then use any of the photoshop extended selection tools to define and calculate distance perimeter area and other measurements. record data points in a measurement log and export data including histogram data to a spreadsheet for further analysis. scale marker show scale in images destined for presentation or publication using the scale marker which lets you easily add a scale graphic to any image. use the ruler and count tools to quickly tally image features and measure size and distance. open annotate remove identifying patient metadata prepare for analysis convert to jpeg for presentation and more with new native dicom file support in photoshop cs3 extended. count tool easily and accurately count objects or features in scientific images with the count tool which eliminates the need to perform manual calculations or rely on visual assessments of changes from image to image. history palette and edit history log undo and redo any set of editing steps in an open image with the history palette and automatically track all editing steps within your files with the edit history log. export steps to a text file or save them as part of image metadata for easier documentation of your work file audits and more. support for manufacturing medical and scientific workflows image stacks quickly combine a series of related images and render them into a single view using a wide variety of rendering options such as median and maximum. photoshop extended automatically analyzes and combines the images while preserving the originals. image stacks are extensible so third parties can write their own render modes. dicom support use the comprehensive photoshop extended toolset to import correct annotate analyze and create animations from dicom images. even automatically remove patient information from dicom metadata and batch save jpeg files for presentation purposes. matlab support pass image data directly between photoshop extended and matlab with the ability to call photoshop extended directly from the matlab command line. visualize results of matlab algorithms in the software and combine matlab processing with photoshop extended image editing to render test and refine algorithms for image processing analysis and more. work more productively efficient and flexible work environment streamlined interface and palette management maximize screen space for editing while keeping essential tools accessible. palettes are now arranged in convenient self-adjusting docks that can be widened to full size or narrowed to icons or even a thin self-revealing strip at the edge of your monitor. faster more flexible asset management with adobe bridge cs3 organize and manage images more efficiently with next-generation adobe bridge cs3 software which now delivers improved performance a filter panel for easier searching the ability to group multiple images under a single thumbnail the loupe tool offline image browsing and more. custom menus shortcuts and workspaces set up and save custom menus keyboard shortcuts and workspaces for quick access to what you need. streamlined workflow better raw-image processing process raw images with increased speed and superior conversion quality using the photoshop camera raw plug-in which now adds support for jpeg and tiff formats; new tools including fill light and dust busting; compatibility with adobe photoshop lightroom software; and support for over 150 camera models. enhanced pdf support work more easily with adobe pdf-based content. precisely control the size of pdf pages opened in photoshop extended; add security controls and metadata such as copyright and exposure details to images within pdf presentations; and create a richer image display in pdf presentations and documents. adobe photoshop lightroom jump from adobe photoshop lightroom software to photoshop cs3 extended in one click for advanced editing of your digital images. lightroom (sold separately) offers an efficient powerful way to import manage and present large volumes of digital images. improved printing experience experience better control over print quality with color management a larger print preview window and more controls in one place so you can print in fewer steps. improved printing controls co-developed by adobe and hp make printing easier and more predictable and streamline setup options via integration with select printers from hp epson and canon. presets make sophisticated color adjustments automatically with one-click presets in curves the channel mixer and the new black and white conversion dialog box. peak performance experience native performance on intel and powerpc based macintosh computers and on microsoft windows xp and windows vista systems. automated production automate common production tasks in a variety of ways. set up event-based scripts record a series of steps as an action for efficient batch processing and design repetitive graphics faster with variables. wide range of supported formats import and export an even greater range of file formats including psd bmp dicom cineon jpeg jpeg2000 openexr png targa and tiff. adobe device central cs3 visually emulate how your dynamic content will render on mobile devices using the built-in adobe device central cs3. zoomify export for high-resolution web display take advantage of adobe flash and zoomify technology to export high-resolution images to the web for viewing through adobe flash player software. flash player displays your images quickly and efficiently letting viewers zoom in on details with minimal delay. improved integration with other adobe tools enjoy better support for photoshop files in your other adobe software applications (sold separately). copy and paste photoshop files directly into adobe dreamweaver cs3 software projects import them into adobe flash cs3 professional software with high fidelity and preserve layer effects and video layers when you import them into adobe after effects cs3 professional software. third-party solutions and resources take advantage of a wealth of additional resources--including software plug-ins books and training--from the longstanding community of expert photoshop developers authors and trainers. auto-align layers can automatically connect a series of photos into a panorama (left). auto-blend layers can then seamlessly blend lighting and texture to complete the perfect composite image (right). composite and edit with unrivaled power maximize screen space for editing while keeping essential tools accessible. faster performance highest quality conversion and new lighting controls are some of the new hallmarks of camera raw in photoshop cs3. simple intuitive point-and-click monochrome conversion is yours with the new black and white adjustment. the new print interface in photoshop cs3 gathers all of the options you need in one easier-to-use dialog box. nondestructive editing smart filters add adjust and remove filters from an image without having to resave the image or start over to preserve quality. nondestructive smart filters allow you to visualize changes without altering original pixel data. smart objects perform nondestructive scaling rotating and warping of raster and vector graphics with smart objects. even preserve the editability of vector data from adobe illustrator software. professional color and tone control color-correction enhancements take advantage of precision color correction made faster and easier. brightness/contrast now provides better results from the same intuitive interface and enhanced curves controls let you make automatic adjustments with included presets or those you create; convert to black-and-white with point sliders; and use a histogram color channel lines and a clipping preview. black-and-white conversion easily convert color images to rich black-and-white and adjust tonal values and tints with a new tool. experiment with the included black-and-white presets or create and save your own custom presets to achieve the best results. improved channel mixer take advantage of new functionality and a host of presets that make the channel mixer easier to use for black-and-white conversion. enhanced 32-bit high dynamic range (hdr) support create and edit 32-bit images and combine multiple exposures into a single 32-bit image that preserves the full range of a scene--from the deepest shadows to the brightest highlights. new image-processing and alignment algorithms deliver superior results. and with photoshop cs3 extended you can even edit 32-bit images using brushes filters blending modes transformations selections tools aspect ratios and more. intelligent image editing and enhancement more powerful cloning and healing tools experience greater control when retouching images with cloning tools and the healing brush. clone images over time; see source pixels under your tool or brush for more precise positioning; preview changes to source content live; and set multiple source points scale and rotate in the new clone source palette. rich painting and drawing toolset create or modify images with a wide assortment of professional fully customizable paint settings artistic brushes and drawing tools. + = the faster route to perfect composites& 151;auto-align layers takes the effort out of perfectly lining up the contents of multiple layers while auto-blend layers completes the task of blending together the texture and lighting from many layers into one. easy compositing and selecting advanced compositing create more accurate composites by automatically aligning multiple photoshop layers or images based on similar content. the auto-align layers command quickly analyzes details and moves rotates or warps layers to align them perfectly and the auto-blend layers command blends the color and shading to create a smooth editable result. improved photomerge technology take advantage of refined photomerge technology which uses new layer-alignment and layer-blending capabilities to let you automatically stitch horizontal or vertical photos into seamless panoramas. quick selection and refine edge tools make selections in a snap. loosely draw on an image area and the quick selection tool automatically completes the selection for you. then preview and fine-tune your selections with the refine edge tool. flexible layers composite images text and effects on hundreds of layers for extraordinarily sophisticated results. organize layers with up to five levels of nesting and save them in different combinations as layer comps. which edition of photoshop cs3 is right for you? photoshop cs3 is available in two editions--photoshop cs3 and photoshop cs3 extended--to meet the diverse needs of professionals in a wide range of fields. adobe photoshop cs3 adobe photoshop cs3 extended builds on photoshop cs2 with dozens of improvements increased productivity with a streamlined interface camera raw enhancements next-generation adobe bridge cs3 and zoomify export unrivaled editing power with live filters more precise color correction easier black-and-white conversion and more powerful cloning and healing tools breakthrough compositing with automatic layer alignment and blending capabilities easier selections and improved photomerge technology 3d and motion support with the ability to edit 3d content and incorporate it into 2d compositions paint and clone over multiple video frames and more comprehensive image analysis with new image measurement and counting tools adobe 349|namco hometech me & my katamari me & my katamari  26.55
0|adobe acrobat capture 3.0 ( 22101258 ) convert large volumes of paper documents to searchable adobe pdf adobe(r) acrobat(r) capture(r) 3.0 software is a professional production tool that teams with your scanner to convert volumes of paper documents into searchable adobe portable document format (pdf) files. accurate ocr advanced page and content recognition and powerful cleanup tools let you turn all your important paper-based information into high-quality electronic documents ready for publication via the web intranets extranets cd-rom and more. sophisticated productivity features streamline processing from start to finish so you can get your jobs done more efficiently than ever. adobe 299.99|individual software jce-wn5 professor teaches windows j/c professor teaches windows j/c jce-wn5 individual software individual software 9.99
0|44 years of the fantastic four the 44 years of fantastic four dvd lets you revisit and relive the wild adventures of the fantasic four -- the first family of superheroes! this collection brings together almost every fantastic four comic ever printed - from the first issue in 1961 through december of 2004. watch them keep each other alive as grow into a family while doing things no human before them could: travelling to alien planets mapping new dimensions getting involved in interstellar wars and so much more. git corp 49.99|nft1100 netflow tracker - license - 100 devices - linux win solaris fluke nft1100 : usually ships in 24 hours : : netflow tracker is a solution that uses netflow and ipfix information for in-depth lan/wan troubleshooting.  60376.91
0|netgear vpn01l vpn client software netgear's prosafe vpn client software delivers the ideal solution with robust encryption and broad support across multiple connection types and microsoft windows operating platforms. the prosafe vpn client provides easy setup and seamless compatibility with the full line of netgear vpn & firewall routers as well as compatibility with ipsec vpn solutions. a wide range of security protocols and authentication methods including advanced encryption standard (aes) data encryption standard (des) 3des message-digest algorithm (md5) and secure hash algorithm (sha-1). also public-key infrastructure (pki) and internet key exchange (ike - main and aggressive modes) plus a wide range of smart cards and certificate authorities is supported. netgear prosafe vpn client software also provides protected access to corporate resources via wireless broadband and dial-up connections. supports netgear vpn/firewall routers including the fvs318 fvl328 fvm318 and fwag114 as well as many other ipsec-compliant vpn devices. enables client-initiated vpns from windows 98 me xp 2000 and windows nt-based pcs. smart card support pkcs 7 certificate chains pkcs 10 certificate requests pkcs 12 certificate import mscapi support diffie-helman group support - group 1-modp 768 group 2  modp 1024 group 5  modp 1536 authentication mechanisms - preshared keys rsa signatures key management - ike (internet key exchange) ipsec modes - tunnel transport compression - ipcomp deflate and plug-in support for lzs system requirements - pentium (or equivalent processor) pc microsoft windows 98 me windows nt 4.0 windows 2000 windows xp operating system 16 mb ram for windows 98 32 mb ram for nt 64 mb for me and 2000 64 mb for xp 35 mb hard disk space netgear 89.99|webroot software inc 54210 - webroot desktop firewall - firewall - pc webroot software inc 54210 : a computer without a firewall is easy prey for hackers worms remote access trojans and other online threats. anti-spyware and virus protection are only a part of any security solution. a firewall is a critical ...  25.97
0|computrace lojack for laptops - 4 year subscription with computrace lojack for laptops you'll be able to track a stolen laptop anywhere! every 53 seconds a laptop is stolen - this recovery service enables law enforcement to recover stolen laptops the minute thieves go online. you'll have information on your laptop's wherabouts as soon as it goes missing. protect your computer today with lojack for laptops. absolute software 119.99|dragon naturally speaking (v9.0) preferred wireless edition - nuance - a109x-wn4 dragon naturallyspeaking preferred 9 gives small business users andpc enthusiasts the power to create documents reports e-mails andmore?all by speaking! fast easy and amazingly accurate it?s over three times faster than typing. just use your ...  161.82 gbp
0|sym clt security 3.1 scs media cd en sym clt security 3.1 scs media cd en symantec - media 28|backyard soccer mls edition now kids will get a chance to play alongside junior versions of his/her favorite professional soccer heroes! players can choose from all 12 mls team names and logos.  8.95
0|apple .mac 4.0 online service .mac lets you effortlessly share everything you create - pictures movies podcasts blogs and more - with one-click web publishing and photocasting. seamless integration with iweb teh newest member of ilife 06 lets you publish your websites with one click. deliver iphoto 6 albums to your photocast subscribers automatically whether they use a mac or pc. communicate with friends and family through ad-free email and groups. back up your photos music and files withone click to your idisk or archive to cds dvds or an external hard drive with powerful backup software. photocasting lets your friends and family subscribe to your shared iphoto albums and view your full-resolution photos on their own computers communicate coordinate and stay in sync with your club team or organization.mac groups includes a group email address and website mac mail is ad-free and elegant. use your account through mac os x mail or through. mac mail on the web. virus protection is built right in protect your precious memories with this powerful upgrade to. mac backup. scheduled automatic backups are as easy as 1-2-3 . mac sync keeps up-to-date information at your fingertips whether you use multiple macs or whether you're on the road without your mac enjoy separate. mac accounts including private email accounts websites idisk and. mac sync. share files easily through a family idisk folder apple 99.95|geometry (win/mac) (jewel case) (10158) geometry (win/mac) (jewel case) brand: fogware publishing mpn: 10158 variant name: geometry (win/mac) (jewel case)  9.59
0|disney 2nd grade active leveling advantage w buzz (jewel case) ages 6-8 greetings space rangers! toy story's buzz lightyear and the playthings that inhabit andy's bedroom are about to change your definition of educational toys as they make light work of some fairly advanced learning material. andy is gone and buzz takes it upon himself to rally the toys for some teaching and fun. are you ready to exercise your romping skills? he asks gesturing grandly across the bedroom. nine activities provide a full curriculum of early-learning challenges: math (including fractions) music geography spelling reading and telling time. disney's designers didn't forget the fun factor either: kids learn double-digit math as they build a marble maze with the help of jessie the tomboy cowgirl. blasting meteorites into halves and thirds makes fractions fun and buzz spouts global trivia such as argentina has the most sunflowers in the world to teach geography. the music area is a real standout. there's a full four-octave keyboard complete with reverb and exploration yields click-and-drag cassettes that transform the board's sounds into anything from a rock concert to a circus tent. musically inclined kids will have hours of fun in this spot alone. this cd-rom takes full advantage of the audio and visual possibilities computer-based learning can offer. listen for background music composed specifically for certain activities and watch for the shadows that the precisely rendered characters cast. (ages 6 to 8) --anne erickson disney interactive 9.99|c7s-00024 windows live onecare - ( v. 1.5 ) - complete package - 3 pcs - cd - win - englis microsoft c7s-00024 : usually ships in 24 hours : in stock : are you tired of spending time trying to protect and maintain your computer? are you worried that you're still not doing everything you should to keep it safe and running at optimal ...  38.64
0|simple movie maker lights!&nbsp; camera!&nbsp; interactive!product informationthe leap from camcorder photography to cinematic presentation is really a simplestep with simple movie maker the novice-friendly editing software that puts youin the director's chair. effortlessly topics entertainment 19.99|jumpstart 1st grade (jc) jumpstart 1st grade teaches essential skills for school  9.9
0|crystal reports xi professional edition the world standard for report creation just got better. crystal reports xi professional is an intuitive enterprise report designer that helps you rapidly create flexible feature-rich high fidelity reports with access to almost any enterprise data source. this latest release now makes data access report design and report maintenance easier than ever. business objects 495|bling software limited safekeeper plus safekeeper is the first software product that offers total protection for both your family and computer. safekeeper is the only product to offer the kidsafe blocker family watchdog and safety shield. it has the best anti-virus protection - rated ...  34.75
0|global software smart steps 2nd grade ( windows macintosh ) developed by education specialists smart steps builds a solid foundation in reading math science creativity and more to prepare students for a lifetime of success in school. a unique tracking system gives a detailed chart of each student's development highlights areas of interest and identifies areas where students need more practice. an innovative sticker reward system inspires students to complete each activity continue on with new skills and practice over and over again. with a host of creative activities and an incredible variety of up to 100 practice exercises smart steps will teach and reinforce learning until skills are mastered and implemented. global software 0|dm0016009 contivity stateful firewall - license - 1 switch - english nortel networks dm0016009 : usually ships in 24 hours : : nortel networks a leading manufacturer of network components and solutions provides its products with all the necessary software in order to meet various needs of its customers.  371.5
0|canopus 77010158100 let's edit canopus (770-10158-100) let's edit 2.0 canopus 99|encore software 10374 - encore professor fuji's sudoku deluxe - complete product - educational game - 1 user(s) - complete product - standard - pc encore software 10374 : puzzle fanatics! get ready for your next mission: sudoku! fill in the empty cells one number in each so each column row and region contains the numbers 1 through 9 exactly once. sounds easy right... wrong. specifications ...  17.97
0|bookkeeper 2008  individual software 39.99|peachtree software vernfp2008rt - sage peachtree premium accounting 2008 for nonprofits - financial management - pc peachtree software vernfp2008rt : peachtree by sage premium accounting 2008 is a comprehensive solution that provides premium features like multi-company consolidations progress billing serialized inventory and crystal reports for peachtree. it ...  540.97
0|ufo afterlight ufo: afterlight mixes squad-based combat with global tactics and strategy. control the actions of elite ground troops while running the construction of an intricate network of interlinking bases. as you build and command you'll also learn new details about the activities of intergalactic organisms called myrmecols in our solar system. players will meet with brand new technologies unusual environment and enemies both old and unknown. the action begins on mars where an excavation site proves the existence of an ancient intelligent and highly developed alien civilization... opportunity to mind-control your enemies and use psionic abilities topware interactive 39.99|storageworks secure path 3.0d for hp-ux workgroup edition - 50 licenses secure path is multi-path high availability software that manages and maintains continuous data access to hp storage systems enabling no-single-pointof-failure (nspof) from server to storage. secure path is host-resident software that monitors the ...  68402.75
0|findex quickverse bible study 2007 bible-suite there's a difference from reading the bible and studying the bible. quickverse bible study 2007 bible suite is a useful guide to help you get more from the bible. with a built-in translator for key hebrew and greek words you derive more meaning from the original text. new notes - note indicators now mark every position in the table of contents in all books - you'll always know note positions in every book! autosave now saves notes automatically as you move through any/all books - even if you forget custom bible views - you can now select one standard display format for all bibles advanced search engine allows you to search words/phrases/book chapter verse references greek and hebrew (including morphological searching). search one or more multiple books with combined results more high-res photos and intuitive maps findex 0|cluefinders 3rd grade adventures: mystery of mathra a daring group of kid detectives a jungle adventure and the mystery of an ancient monster make the cluefinders' 3rd grade adventures the most exciting way to develop essential academic and thinking skills. also includes mystery mansion arcade ...  10.95
0|spy sweeper spanish  webroot software 29.95|vitec multimedia mpeg toolbox-2 toolbox2 software authoring software mpeg toolbox-2 software vitec's mpeg toolbox-2 software allows you to transform your avi files into a complete mpeg encoding and editing solution. no special mpeg hardware is required. all you need is the software. computers & solutions>computer ...  149.95
0|ideasoft photo clip art 10 000 stand out from the crowd with 10 000 unique photo images! these bright bold and brilliant photos come with solid changeable backgrounds making them as easy to use as clip art. from bananas to banjos cars to children dogs to ducks - there's a photo clip art image for every project! nova development 0|avanquest encyclopedia britannica 2006 system requirements: macintosh os 10.3.x or 10.4.x. g4 or faster processor 256 mb ram minimum (512 mb ram recommended) 1.10 gb free hard-drive space (4.3 gb for full installation) cd-rom drive 1024x768 resolution millions of colors sound card and ...  29
0|macromedia director 10 mx 2004 adobe commercial director 10 for windows and mac adobe 2171.7|super solvers - spellbound! ! - school edition for mac features four activities that will help children master spelling using word recall and differentiation techniques. plus it helps enhance a child's vocabulary and language development skills.  17.95
0|microsoft licenses project svr sa govt (h2200301) microsoft project server win32 english software assurance open license program local government microsoft licenses 3601.4|vitec multimedia mpeg toolbox-2 toolbox2 software authoring software mpeg toolbox-2 software vitec's mpeg toolbox-2 software allows you to transform your avi files into a complete mpeg encoding and editing solution. no special mpeg hardware is required. all you need is the software. computers & solutions>computer ...  149.95
0|csi: crime scene investigation csi comes to life on your pc with all the cyber-sherlock holmes appeal fans know and love. the high production value of the game and its faithful adherence to the theme style and sound of the show prove that it is not just a crass attempt to cash in on the csi craze. as you'd expect csi is a mystery adventure game that follows the format of the csi show. you collect evidence head to the lab visit the morgue and so on. you scrutinize the game's screens looking for evidence or areas that may contain hidden clues. you can use luminal to find blood traces you can dust for prints and you can use the sniffer to get gas samples--all are familiar tools and methods used in the show. csi fans will likely intuitively know when and where to use each item while adventure game fans will delight in having such new high tech toys. csi offers five quality storylines each of which would feel at home on the show. while you don't get to fill the shoes of one of the show's well-known characters you do get to work with each of them as you progress along the csi investigative chain. show characters join you to provide hints and help you establish the motive means and opportunity needed to determine and catch the bad guy. fans of the show will forgive the short length of the game and merely adequate graphics just because of the quality storylines use of the real actors and respect shown the license. adventure game fans will also appreciate it even if they'll find it a bit too easy (it's aimed at mainstream fans more than hardcore gamers). csi brings enough true crime class to be of interest to fans and non-fans alike.--andrew s. bub pros: actors from the show voice their characters in the game pays homage and tribute to the show respects adventure game and csi fans equally cons: animation is stiff five mysteries is too few ubi soft 19.99|432778-b21 scai software development toolkit - subscription license renewal ( 1 year ) - 1 hp 432778-b21 : usually ships in 24 hours : : information technology professionals rely on hp quality to ensure maximum productivity.  595.04
0|emc retrospect 7.5 disk to disk windows emc retrospect 7.5 disk to diskcromwindows dantz 0|nova development corp art explosion 600000 images art explosion is the brand that computer users everywhre keep coming back to again and again. and for good reason. art explosion products are well-known for unparalleled variety and the highest possible quality. and they offer the kind of truly ...  72.86
0|cakewalk project5 version 2 project5 version 2 blurs the boundary between studio and stage and capture the moment as it happens. it gives you a complete set of superb quality instruments and effects for high-quality larger than life sounds - all easily in view and right at your fingertips. use its powerful recording looping sequencing and arranging tools to extend your music world. it's got all the power flexibility and portability you need in a music workstation. bring your inspiration to life whenever and wherever the passion strikes with project5 version 2. layer synths play splits from one controller route multiple controllers to multiple virtual instruments intuitive hands on control from midi keyboards and controllers optimized real-time audio engine for the feel of live performances advanced synth layering and keyboard mapping groovematrix for real-time triggering of individual midi patterns or audio loops dual-mode pattern editor for fast and extensive beat-making and pattern editing audio looping tools for matching project tempo and pitch changes automatic beat matching flexible time stretching/pitch shifting and support for multiple loops per track preview audio loops and midi patterns before rolling them out with the pattern browser simple audio recording and editing - add vocals guitars and other physical instruments to your songs to create that finished project multi-lane tracks for multi-timbral synths and advanced arranging techniques cakewalk 259|cto only windows xp pro nc6000 cto only windows xp pro nc6000  118.95
0|mah jong quest mah jong quest is more than an addictive puzzle game - it's an original cinematic experience. after three dragons wreak havoc over the empire young kwazi must use an ancient set of mah jong tiles to restore balance. united developers 0|iparrot spanish/english phrase translator software for ipod ipod software spanish/english phrase translator software for ipod the spanish/english phrase translator software for ipod from iparrot is the perfect companion for the world traveler and ipod owner. the bilingual phrase translator gives you access to many common ...  19.95
0|unreal tournament 2004 ( dvd-rom ) the unreal tournament 2004 2-disc dvd edition takes you a century into the future where humanity exists only for the sport of alien conquerors. reload and ride out to the arenas for all-new action and combat! this 2-disc dvd has an incredible set of options for the hardcore gamers -- land and air based vehicles a huge arsenal new arenas and assault and onslaught modes make the gladiator blood sport of the future a brand new experience. commit vehicular slaughter with indestructible tanks gut-twisting space fighters and other war machines join your squadron for the the multiplayer mayhem of onslaught mode -- complete with live voice chat in true 3d audio go on point for assault mode with bone-crunching new additions make your mark on the game -- mods movies and even full games with the included unrealed toolset atari 29.99|elibrium webshop platinum web shop platinum lets you easily create manage and publish your e-commerce site. includes everything necessary to successfully sell over the internet. perfect for small businesses wanting to sell their products over the web.  77.33
0|retrospect 6.0 desktop mac upgrade retrospect desktop v6.x upgrade for macintosh. contains uac code installs on a desktop can backup 2 other desktops dantz 59.99|post mortem a horrific ritualistic murder has taken place in an upscale hotel. enter gus macpherson a former american private detective now hired by a mysterious and sensuous woman sophia blake to find out who murdered her beloved sister and brother-in-law ...  7.49
0|ae painter v9 win/mac box corel painter 9 ( now in dvd case) unleashes your creative power increases your productivity and enhances your compatiblity with adobe photoshop. blend paint colors using the mixer design custom brushes with the brush creator and work more productively with a redesigned interface and customizable palettes. corel painter 9 - the ultimate digital sketching and painting tool! win/mac compatible education edition model- crlcd10188wmae vendor- corel corporation features- coreldraw painter ix- academic version the worlds most powerful natural media painting and illustration software. welcome to corel painter ix. for more than 13 years painter has been the worlds pre-eminent natural-media painting and illustration software. corel painter ix offers the same breathtaking brushes and features that painter artists have grown to love--but with significantly enhanced speed and performance. all brushes now operate at an average of twice their former speed and some brushes are 10 times faster. corel painter ix also unveils the brand-new artists oils painting system a revolutionary natural-media painting technology that enables you to sample multiple colors from the mixer palette and apply them as wet oily paint to your canvas. corel painter ix is much more than a software application--it is a creative journey a treat for the artistic senses and for many creative professionals a life-changing experience. the corel painter ix web site was designed to inspire you and to help you discover the magic of corel painter ix. the corel painter ix cd includes the following: corel painter ix both mac and windows versions; libraries corel corp 166.19|emc securid appl mnt - entupg /ext 10mo per u 40005-50 - app0050000ue10   13
0|microsoft office & windows training coming soon! topics entertainment 29.99|encore software 14060 - terror strike - win 2000 xp encore software 14060 : cto: counter-terrorist ops close-quarters assault is a tense accurate simulation of close quarters combat. lead four-man teams in assaults on terrorist strongholds. rescue hostages held at gunpoint. recreate the deadly ...  18.97
0|calculation skills v1 add & sub - basic - core learning this four volume series builds fundamental calculation competence with four core arithmetic operations. two volumes provide calculation practice with addition and subtraction at a basic and advanced level; the other two volumes provide calculation practice with multiplication and division at a basic and advanced level. volume 1 features helpful calculation information: how to add addition table how to subtract subtraction table take away from 10 or 9 table money and decimals change from $1.00 table the program provides three timed drills basic addition drill basic subtraction drill making change from $1.00 drillsystem requirements: windows 98/me/2000/xp pentium ii 400 mhz + 96 mb ram + 25 mb hard disk space cd-rom drive vga display 16-bit color with 800x600 resolutionformat: win 98 me 2000 xp sos aggregation company 0|aust-0150-005 employee appraiser deluxe - ( v. 5.0 ) - complete package - 1 user - download - successfactors aust-0150-005 : usually ships in 24 hours : in stock : get the complete manager's toolkit with employee appraiser deluxe 5.  231.81
0|clickart 1.2 million dvd 2006 by broderbund clickart 1.2 million 2006 encore software 49.99|emc securid appl mnt - base/ ext 14mo per u 505-750 - app0000750be14   23
0|hoyle texas hold 'em poker (jewel case) hoyle texas hold em puts your poker skills to the test -- see if you have what it takes to win big! also includes 13 other poker games played in casinos everywhere. encore 9.99|software architect bootcamp by raphael malveau 9780131412279 the completely updated field manual for becoming a better software architect!the crucial skills you need to survive and thrive as an enterprise software architect! fully updated for the latest techniques-from lightweight methods and architectural ...  49.99
0|cadopia 6 standard edition by cadopia cadopia 6 standard edition win xp 2k nt 4.0 global marketing partners 295|avanquest encyclopedia britannica 2006 system requirements: macintosh os 10.3.x or 10.4.x. g4 or faster processor 256 mb ram minimum (512 mb ram recommended) 1.10 gb free hard-drive space (4.3 gb for full installation) cd-rom drive 1024x768 resolution millions of colors sound card and ...  29
0|logic express 7 logic express 7.2 gives you the ability to take full advantage of the next generation of mac computers. songwriters can produce impressive demo songs by incorporating audio recordings sample-based sounds and virtual instruments entirely on the computer. enjoy enhanced support for prominent thrid-party products as well as project compatibility with garageband 3. logic express 7.2 also provides support for stereo rewire objects and now clearly labels the incoming rewire streams to reflect the source application. logic express 7.2 allows you to play back aac and apple lossless files directly with no need for conversion. this feature ensures project compatibility with garageband 3 and offers great sonic quality with the convenience of smaller file sizes. support for up to 12 input and output audio channels 27 software instruments including garageband instruments es1 efm1 esm esp and ese synthesizers 40 effect plug-ins including guitar amp preset multipressor platinumverb compressor bitcrusher autofilter phaser and more save/load channel strip instrument and plug-in configurations advanced midi sequencing more than 300 definable key and midi commands 90 recallable screen configurations with interactive edit windows setup assistant for easy system configuration fast offline bouncing of single or multiple tracks tempo signature transpose and video tracks support for apple loops (more than 1 000 apple loops included) audio units plug-in support garageband song file import open tl file import aac and mp3 import and export full integration with reason live and other rewire-compatible applications system requirements - macintosh computer with an intel or powerpc g4 or g5 processor 512mb of ram mac os x v10.4.3 or later 6gb of available hard drive space dvd drive for software installation low-latency multi-i/o audio hardware and midi interface recommended apple computer 299|corel intervideo windvd 8 platinum software for windows authoring software windvd 8 platinum software for windows the windvd 8 platinum software for windows from corel intervideo is a dvd video playback application for windows. the software leverages computer technologies such as dual-core processors and nvidia pure video ...  69.95
0|finale songwriter 2007 finale songwriter 2007 gives you the power to write better songs. experiment with new melodies and different arrangements and create incredible new songs. put down your pen and let finale songwriter bring your inspiration and creativity to its utmost potential. experiment with more than 128 professional instruments compose your tune and print it out as a professional-quality score. select automatic drum grooves for different styles add your own automatic harmonies experiment with more than 128 professional instruments print great-looking professional sheet music save mp3 files to create audio cds or to play on an ipod or e-mail them to band members friends and fans hear your songs with a professional software synthesizer -- no extra hardware required human playback makes songs sound like they're performed by live musicians finale 49.95|microspot macdraft pe personal edition operating system: macintosh os x 10.2 or higher processor: power mac g3 or higher memory (ram): 8 mb free hard disk space: 20 mb minimum screen resolution: 1024 x 768  85.99
0|adobe creative suite cs3 web premium [mac] adobe creative suite 3 web premium software is a complete solution for creating interactive websites applications user interfaces presentations mobile device content and other digital experiences. get everything you need to prototype your project design assets build web experiences and efficiently maintain and update content. photoshop cs3 extended for specialized image editing illustrator cs3 for vector graphics creation flash cs3 professional for interactive design dreamweaver cs3 for web design and development acrobat 8 professional for adobe pdf workflows build your prototype with adobe fireworks cs3 redefine the extraordinary in web design and development get the essential tools finally all your favorite tools are in one solution. design core assets and build your prototype with adobe photoshop cs3 extended adobe illustrator cs3 and adobe fireworks cs3 software. then bring your project to life with adobe dreamweaver cs3 and adobe flash cs3 professional the industry-leading web design and development tools. use adobe acrobat 8 professional software to quickly share design ideas and collect feedback from colleagues and clients and easily maintain the final project with adobe contribute cs3. creative suite 3 web premium is everything you need all in one place. discover intelligent integration return to your creative roots with intelligent integration that allows you to forget the tools and focus on the project. import files directly from illustrator cs3 to flash cs3 or cut and paste files from photoshop cs3 into dreamweaver cs3. take advantage of improved css workflow between dreamweaver and fireworks and improved rendering compatibility between dreamweaver and contribute. organize your assets with adobe bridge cs3 and coordinate your team with adobe version cue cs3. enjoy the latest workflows never before have there been so many opportunities for designers and developers to refine their current skill set while expanding into exciting new techniques and technologies. immerse yourself in online video creation with sophisticated web video tools. follow best practices with new css tools. explore the possibilities in mobile content authoring. expand into development with the spry framework for ajax and new flash actionscript 3.0 language. with creative suite 3 web premium the future is yours. visually manage assets in adobe bridge test mobile designs in adobe device central coordinate with team members using adobe version cue host real-time web-based meetings with adobe acrobat connect top new features of adobe creative suite 3 web premium powerful integration fluidly move assets across adobe photoshop cs3 extended adobe illustrator cs3 adobe flash cs3 professional adobe dreamweaver cs3 and adobe fireworks cs3 software. use adobe version cue cs3 adobe bridge cs3 and adobe stock photos to manage assets. prepare content for mobile devices with adobe device central cs3. more expressive interactive design explore new dimensions in digital design with new features in flash cs3 such as the pen tool shape primitives new filter effects and advanced video support. all these come alongside renowned interactive video animation and graphics capability plus high-quality text rendering. unrivaled image editing power perfect your images with new capabilities in adobe photoshop cs3 extended designed specifically for web professionals including features such as 3d editing animation support a new timeline and more. powerful flexible graphic design create editable and scalable vector artwork for web mobile and interactive design. adobe illustrator cs3 now features improved drawing performance and tools to help you apply and experiment with color. rapid prototyping use fireworks cs3 to rapidly prototype web designs. leverage a common library of prebuilt graphic symbols with customizable properties. move designs to flash cs3 professional and dreamweaver cs3 or leverage an extensible api to integrate with adobe flex software. emerging technologies prepare for the next generation of web technology while applying best practices. develop dynamic user interfaces with css and ajax add flash video and incorporate new standards-based user elements. mobile content authoring use adobe device central cs3 to design develop preview and test content for a wide range of mobile and consumer devices. easily show your work in numerous mobile device skins through built-in and regularly updated device profiles. browser and platform compatibility ensure your experience is consistent across operating systems browsers and platforms using the new browser compatibility check in dreamweaver cs3 and the adobe css advisor website an invaluable source of user-contributed solutions to css issues. macintosh or windows pick your platform. adobe creative suite 3 web premium software is available for mac os--including intel based macintosh computers--windows xp and windows vista. design in your preferred platform and then deliver across platforms with consistent results. easy web maintenance free yourself from simple web edits. with contribute cs3 enable individuals or workgroups to quickly and easily edit and publish content to websites and blogs from a controlled permissions-based application or from within microsoft applications. additional features best of the best get the newest versions of the award-winning tools integrated workflows and valuable utilities used to prototype design develop and maintain websites applications interactive experiences and mobile device content. flash video create and edit streaming and progressive flash video--and deploy progressive flash video--with comprehensive video support including a standalone video encoder alpha channel support a high-quality video codec embedded cue points video import support quicktime import closed-captioning and more. engaging interactivity incorporate rich interactivity into your projects. whether it's ajax interactivity in web page elements streaming interactive broadcasts or an interactive multi-user collaboration application adobe creative suite 3 web premium software has everything you need to draft and deploy your interactive vision on the web. latest technologies and standards keep pace with evolving technologies and standards. design with html and css; integrate with development technologies like xhtml xml adobe coldfusion asp asp.net jsp and php; test content across browsers and operating systems; and prepare for the new internet protocol version 6 (ipv6). actionscript 3.0 development go farther with actionscript 3.0 the high-performance object-oriented programming language for adobe flash player. explore a whole new world of customization using the rich language api libraries and expansive community support services. best practices easily apply best practices of web design and development. create consistent css-based designs with css layout and visualization tools. drag and drop an xml feed onto a web page. use the industry's first integrated tool for section 508 and wcag priority 2 checkpoints. reliability and innovation whether you're adding interactive video migrating to css conforming to accessibility regulations preparing for ipv6 conversion or experimenting with mobile content creative suite 3 web premium lets you work well today and grow for tomorrow. adobe creative suite 3: what's in each edition? adobe creative suite 3 editions design premium design standard web premium web standard production premium master collection adobe photoshop cs3 extended adobe photoshop cs3 adobe illustrator cs3 adobe indesign cs3 adobe acrobat 8 professional adobe flash cs3 professional adobe dreamweaver cs3 adobe contribute cs3 adobe fireworks cs3 adobe after effects cs3 professional adobe premiere pro cs3 adobe soundbooth cs3 adobe encore cs3 adobe onlocation * adobe ultra cs3 * additional features and services in adobe creative suite 3 adobe bridge cs3 adobe version cue cs3 adobe device central cs3 adobe dynamic link adobe stock photos adobe acrobat connect * adobe ultra runs on microsoft windows only. for macintosh users adobe onlocation requires bootcamp and windows (purchased separately) or a separate windows-based computer. adobe 1599|photo explosion deluxe(r) 2.0 photo explosion deluxe 2.0 delivers powerful photo editing features spectacular special effects and professional-quality photo projects - all together in one program. this software makes digital photography even easier. and its packed with exciting ...  49.99
0|scholastic brain play: pre-kindergarten - 1st grade scholastic's brain play preschool-1st grade is designed for growing young minds. these games will develop essential learning skills that children need most. they'll pick up important reading math logic and typing skills. special workbooks reinforce the lessons and build stronger skills through practice. topics entertainment 19.99|pop up oxford spanish / english dict the oxford spanish dictionary contains over 170000 words and phrases and 240000 trans-lations and describes spanish as it is used throughout the whole spanish-speaking world. an authoritative guide to contemporary spanish language and culture in a ...  13.95
0|the sims 2: open for business expansion pack in sims 2: open for business you'll get to design your own clothing boutique beauty salon florist high-end electronics shop bustling restaurant chain or virtually any other type of business. hire your staff as the business grows and put talented sims to work making toys running the register crafting floral bouquets giving sales pitches or manufacturing robots. but watch out for slacker employees and be prepared to fire them on the spot. will you build a thriving business empire or become an eccentric entrepreneurs designing the next big thing? create a thriving business selling just about anything from clothing electronics and toys to flowers baked goods robots and more expansion pack - requires use with aya sims2 aspyr media 34.99|blair aaronson donny osmond yamaha donny osmond - this is the moment - smart pianosoft this innovative software series enables your disklavier mark iii piano to perform with the world's most popular cds! using yamaha's pianosmart technology this companion diskette will magically empower your disklavier mark iii to accompany the ...  14.86
0|tank battle enemy tanks have broken the lines and captured a city of strategic importance. your mission as an anti-tank cannon commander is to repel the occupiers and reclaim the city! the freedom of the city and all of its inhabitants depends on you! casual arcade 19.95|individual software qne-t15 typing quick & easy 15.0 typing quick & easy 15.0 individual software 24.99
0|eovia carrara 4 pro win/mac carrara 4 pro software keeps professional designers ahead of the curve by offering superior performance capabilities and an extraordinarily abundant toolset. this highly developed software has the same competencies and highly intuitive interface as our standard version but adds advanced features such as sound support 3d and vector motion blur blurry reflections extended import capabilities and more. additionally the eovia chain network rendering feature delivers ultra-fast image and animation rendering by distributing tasks across a local network of up to five computers. carrara 4 pro also comes pre-loaded with: eovia corporation 599.99|aspyr media sid meiers civilization iv - mac rule throughout time and create your own legacy as you guide your civilization from the dawn of man through the space age and beyond.  44.99
0|spy sweeper w/antivirus family edition spy sweeper with antivirus family edition defends your pc and your personal information from the threats to privacy you'll encounter online! whenever you download something online you risk infection with spyware. chances are your computer is already infected putting your confidential information and your computer's performance at risk. spy sweeper blocks spyware downloads keeping you one step ahead of the spies and marketers. antivirus prevents malicious coders from ruining your computer by detecting viruses and blocking them before they start. webroot software 49.95|sonicwall gms 1000n-incremental lic upg today enterprises and service providers face increasing security challenges in their distributed networks from security and virus attacks to enforcing security policies. as a distributed network grows and branches into multiple subnetworks linked ...  62920.89
0|microsoft word 2004 (mac) word 2004 has innovative new features that give your personal or business documents the right look every time. enjoy the latest tools and advancements of the most popular word processor around. microsoft 229.99|abacus software s515 flight simulation sea plane adventures pc sea plane adventures for fs 2002 you better check your floats and pack the life raft! sea plane adventures for fs 2002 you better check your floats and pack the life raft! floatplanes are a unique aircraft that allow you to land on water instead of ... abacus software 28.99
0|power translator 11 premium power translator 11 premium is the world's most powerful translation technology! it's designed for today's internet users & has easy access to the most languages dictionaries and software. besides the incredible software you'll also receive a 3-month subscription to language services that help you translate 20 languages and 323 language pairs. language engineering co llc 79.99|onone software inc. gfs-50211 - genuine fractals 5 full 1u onone software inc. gfs-50211 : enlarge your images over 1000% with no loss in image quality. genuine fractals 5 simply produces higher quality and sharper results than traditional scaling methods in photoshop or in any other third party product. ol ...  148.97
0|total training for adobe creative suite 3: design premium bundle  total training 299.99|webroot software inc 31250 - spy sweeper spanish - win 2000 xp webroot software inc 31250 : a sypware infection is no longer just a matter of enduring annoying pop-ups ads a chaning homepage or a slow-performing computer. today s spyware is far more harmful and places personal information privacy and ...  25.97
0|emedia print music 2006 win/mac printmusic! is simply the best entry level notation software. consider it a word processor for printing music notes instead of text. designed for the less demanding user printmusic! is easy to use and fun to learn. it was developed for the budding composer and works with both midi and acoustic instruments. no other notation software provides output of such exceptional quality for such a low price. you can do everything you need to create play back and print publisher-quality sheet music up to 24 staves. special set-up wizard helps you create a full score for your music composition. if only mozart had this! use hyperscribe to enter notes from your midi keyboard speedy note entry clicks in notes from your computer keyboard or midi keyboard print in color post your score on the internet and export midi files smart expressions make tempo markings easy works with windows pc and macintosh computers - pc - windows 98/2000/nt/me/xp monitor with 800x600 resolution cd-rom drive 256mb ram minimum (depending on os) 200mb hard drive space required for software and user manual / macintosh - g4 and os x recommended. os 10.2 and higher or 9.0.4 - 9.2.2 (9.2 recommended) monitor with 800x600 resolution cd-rom drive 256mb ram recommended (128 mb may be sufficient in os 9) 200 mb hard drive space required for software and user manual. makemusic! 69.99|bias peak le 5 software music production software peak le 5 stereo audio editing processing and mastering software for mac os x good audio editors are like swiss army knives. they perform all of their multiple tasks equally well. bias peak le 5 although a lite version nonetheless delivers a very ...  99
0|adobe soundbooth cs3 take command of your audio in film video or adobe flash projects with task-based tools to clean up recordings polish voice-overs customize music and sound effects and much more. adobe soundbooth cs3 software has an intuitive interface that helps you get the job done quickly without sacrificing creative control. edit and create audio with fast intuitive tools adobe soundbooth cs3 software delivers a focused toolset that enables creative professionals in all disciplines to quickly create and edit their own high-quality audio. audience benefit video professionals as a video professional you need to accomplish everyday audio tasks efficiently--even if audio production isn't your specialty. fast and intuitive to work with adobe soundbooth cs3 software gives you focused tools to bring the same superior quality to your sound as you bring to your visuals. remove noise and individual sounds from recordings polish voice-overs use markers to synchronize sound and music with animation compose and record audio and much more. flash professionals integrated with adobe flash cs3 professional adobe soundbooth cs3 software helps you synchronize audio to your flash project with just a few clicks. an intuitive interface and on-clip controls simplify everyday sound tasks like cleaning editing and creating audio. clean up recordings polish voice-overs record audio create audio loops create and export markers to xml and flv to synchronize sound with animation and much more. audio professionals even professional sound engineers need to accomplish everyday editing tasks quickly. adobe soundbooth cs3 software offers an intuitive task-based interface that can help accomplish similar results to those produced by more complicated applications but much more quickly and easily. in addition features like visual healing tools time and pitch stretching with the izotope radius engine and the adobe media encoder make soundbooth a worthwhile addition to any audio toolkit. web designers bringing sound to web projects is more important than ever for designers looking to add new dimension to the user experience. adobe soundbooth cs3 software offers a set of intuitive task-based tools that make everyday audio editing and creation fast and effective--even when audio is not your specialty. easily create customized music using included soundbooth scores with the autocomposer record new assets modify sound effects with high-quality filters and much more. top reasons to buy adobe soundbooth cs3 intuitive audio editing with on-clip controls use powerful sample-accurate tools to cut copy paste fade and stretch audio assets. intuitive on-clip tools make common edits instant and visual feedback keeps you informed at every step. fast audio cleanup automatically detect and fix common flaws in audio recordings such as hisses hums rumbling crackling and pops. autocomposer with customizable music content select one of the dozens of included soundbooth scores and then customize it to match your project. adjust intensity to match the project's visual mood and change the length to fit. visual tools for healing sound use tools like those in adobe photoshop software to visually identify select and remove individual sounds from a revealing spectral display of your waveform. more than 15 high-quality audio filters enjoy a library of audio filters to help you achieve your own sound including reverb echo eq time and pitch stretch distortion chorus and more. combine up to five effects using the effects rack. fast mastering and vocal improvement use streamlined mastering tools to polish your file clarify vocals and give it punch. new audio asset recording record high-quality mono or stereo audio files such as voice-overs with markers and take numbering. top features and benefits of adobe soundbooth cs3 edit and create with essential tools fast cut copy and paste editing cut copy and paste audio clips quickly without waiting. extensive filter library apply more than 15 filters to modify audio characteristics such as eq reverb echo flange chorus distortion time and pitch and more. high-quality radius engine from izotope stretch time and shift pitch using the powerful radius engine from industry leader izotope. new audio asset recording record high-quality mono or stereo audio files such as voice-overs with markers and take numbering. undo history panel unlimited undo layers in the undo history panel give you the flexibility to experiment without committing your changes. sound your best fast audio cleanup detect and fix common flaws in audio recordings such as hisses hums buzzing crackling and pops. tasks panel use a convenient panel organized by task to execute common commands including create music remove noise and adjust time and pitch. autocomposer with customizable soundbooth scores easily create customized music for your project using dozens of included scores with the autocomposer feature; stretch music automatically to match the length of your video clips and adjust for intensity to match the mood. visual sound removal use tools like those found in photoshop to visually select and remove--or auto heal--unwanted sounds from your clip. thousands of sound effects available via resource central create or customize existing audio for your scene or flash interface using thousands of sound effects available via resource central. (internet connection required.) work quickly and efficiently on-clip editing controls quickly adjust volume add fades or trim a track using on-clip handles. tasks panel use a convenient panel organized by task to execute common commands including create music remove noise and adjust time and pitch. flash cue support insert and edit cue points while playing recording or editing audio that can then be used to drive animation in flash. dockable windows for customizable workspaces find your rhythm in a workspace you can adjust by docking windows and panels where you choose. save workspaces for specific users or tasks. tight integration with adobe premiere pro smooth roundtrip editing allows you to send assets from adobe premiere pro software using the edit in soundbooth command. after your edits are complete the files automatically update back in the adobe premiere pro timeline or project window. adobe 199|microsoft molpc l/sa csf sbe order handling sbe 400pt - b7m-00255   154550
0|national geographic presents: redshift 5 planetarium software national geographic redshift 5 turns your personal computer into a personal planetarium! this user-friendly resource provides you with stunning deep-space photography and a guide to the latest discoveries. advanced tracking and visualization tools let you track thousands of asteroids comets and even meteor showers. it's your complete guide to the night skies. study the authoritative content of 100 deep sky objects from the caldwell catalog topics entertainment 39.99|emedia essential bass guitar dvd   16.95
0|axis & allies collector's edition axis & allies is a classic board game that centers on strategy and forward thinking. now the thrills and challenge of wwii strategy come to your computer bringing all the original action and drama with it! special collector's edition. encore 19.99|adobe cs3 design premium system requirements powerpc g4 or g5 or intel core processor mac os x v10.4.8 java runtime environment 1.5 1gb ram 6.3gb free hard-disk space (additional space required during installation) 1024 x 768 display resolution with 16-bit video card ...  1865.99
0|didi & ditto: kindergarten win/mac didi & ditto kindergarten is a wacky fun-filled learning adventure that kids will love. didi and ditto are twin beavers who live in a colorful forest. when a purple wolf catches one of them the other has to collect enough food to free their trapped beaver sibling! ages 4 to 6 kutoka 19.99|encore software 10393 - network now! pro by encore encore software 10393 : network now! pro by encore - 10393  33.97
0|ultimate puzzle games ultimate puzzle collection includes four full version puzzle games for your pc. from easy to challenging for even the most seasoned puzzle players. enjoyed by all ages and it will keep you entertained for hours. includes super collapse! atlantis coral quest crystalize! and soda pipes. valusoft 19.99|microsoft(r) powerpoint(r) 2002 upgrade it is easy to make your pointanywhere. microsoft(r) powerpoint(r) 2002 upgrade makes it easy to organize illustrate and deliver your ideas professionally. whether youere conducting a meeting presenting to an audience or delivering your message ...  108.87
0|clickart 1.2 million dvd 2006 by broderbund clickart 1.2 million 2006 encore software 49.99|family tree maker 11 collector's edition overview dedicated family research calls for serious genealogy software. this great collection delivers an unprecedented wealth of data plus all of the convenient tools you expect from family tree maker. travel back in time on a research journey ...  34.9
0|computrace lojack for laptops: 1 year subscription with computrace lojack for laptops you'll be able to track a stolen laptop anywhere! every 53 seconds a laptop is stolen - this recovery service enables law enforcement to recover stolen laptops the minute thieves go online. you'll have information on your laptop's wherabouts as soon as it goes missing. protect your computer today with lojack for laptops. absolute software 49.99|436753-b21 hp insight control data center edition flexible quantity license rdp upgrade - l hp 436753-b21 : usually ships in 24 hours : : insight control data center edition is an integrated suite of software that simplifies the provisioning and management of hp bladesystem infrastructures.  137.13
0|gmp data rescue - license ( 24300 ) data rescue pc and mac universal license by by prosoft global marketing partners 349|super solvers - spellbound! ! - school edition for mac features four activities that will help children master spelling using word recall and differentiation techniques. plus it helps enhance a child's vocabulary and language development skills.  17.95
0|adobe photoshop cs3 extended upgrade [mac] note: this is the upgrade version of adobe photoshop cs3 extended. ideal for film video and multimedia professionals and graphic and web designers using 3d and motion as well as professionals in engineering and science adobe photoshop cs3 extended upgrade software delivers everything in photoshop cs3 and more. render and incorporate 3d images into your 2d composites. stop time with easy editing of motion graphics on video layers. and probe your images with measurement analysis and visualization tools. the professional standard now comes in two versions& 151;photoshop cs3 and photoshop cs3 extended with additional features and enhancements for specialized image professionals. the clone stamp and healing brush tools now feature an overlay preview of the source areas. the loupe tool in adobe bridge cs3 lets you easily zoom into the fine detail of any image. zoomify export allows you to efficiently display even the highest resolution imagery over low bandwidth web connections. edit 3d and motion-based images adobe photoshop cs3 extended includes key new capabilities that let you incorporate 3d and motion-based content into your image editing workflow. now you can render 3d content into your 2d composites edit existing textures on 3d models and embed your edited models into adobe pdf files for easy collaboration with colleagues. plus you can animate video frames paint and clone over multiple video frames and import and export video files in a wide range of formats. analyze images with precision photoshop cs3 extended helps professionals in manufacturing medicine architecture engineering and scientific research gain more insight from images. measurement and counting tools enable analysis of 2d and 3d images. matlab users can pull image data from photoshop extended into matlab and visualize results of matlab algorithms back in the software. and medical professionals can correct annotate and analyze dicom files. adobe bridge for photoshop cs3 extended features faster performance the filters panel to quickly narrow your view the new loupe tool for close-up inspection of any image and much more. photoshop cs3 extended enables you to open native 3d file formats manipulate the models in 3d space open and edit textures applied to the models and then easily composite the results with 2d images. new features for motion graphics professionals in photoshop cs3 extended include cloning and healing over time with the help of the new clone source palette and preview overlays the enhanced animation palette for time-based editing and native video layers in color depths from 8- to 32-bit. brushes layers and selections are just three of the core editing features now available for 32-bit hdr images exclusively in photoshop cs3 extended. work more productively with improved performance throughout the editing workflow photoshop cs3 extended helps you work more productively--even when editing the most specialized images. experience native performance on both intel and powerpc based macs and on microsoft windows vista systems. maximize your workspace with a streamlined interface process raw images with increased speed and quality and manage assets more efficiently in the revamped adobe bridge cs3. composite and edit with unrivaled power leverage the power of the industry standard for the utmost creative control in image editing and compositing. now you can apply filters nondestructively manage and correct color more easily convert color images to rich black-and-white with one click and retouch images with more powerful cloning and healing tools. plus you can enjoy advanced compositing with breakthrough tools for aligning and blending layers automatically and making image selections with one brush stroke. product highlights experience smooth handling of 3d and motion-based content. gain deeper insights from your images with new measurement and analysis tools. boost your productivity with a streamlined interface enhancements to raw-image processing and asset management workflows and more. achieve your vision with unrivaled power to edit composite and experiment. audience benefit film video and multimedia professionals and graphic and web designers using 3d and motion--with adobe photoshop cs3 extended software you can now leverage the power of the photoshop image-editing toolset and paint engine when editing 3d and motion-based content for film video the web and mobile devices. manufacturing and design engineers--with adobe photoshop cs3 extended software you can easily import rotate and create different rendering modes and edit existing textures on 3d models to enhance 3d content or create compelling composites of 2d and 3d content. medical professionals--adobe photoshop cs3 extended software helps you improve patient care with powerful tools for documenting and analyzing treatment and visualizing potential outcomes. architects and engineers--adobe photoshop cs3 extended software helps you communicate your vision clearly and make an impact with all of your drawings and designs. scientific researchers--adobe photoshop cs3 extended software delivers new tools for analyzing and extracting data from images and offers powerful presentation capabilities to help you communicate your discoveries. students and educators--with features designed for professionals in video and motion graphics production manufacturing medicine architecture engineering and scientific research adobe photoshop cs3 extended software is a key new tool for students pursuing careers in these fields and for their instructors. product overview get everything in adobe photoshop cs3 software and more with photoshop cs3 extended which enables you to edit 3d and motion-based content and perform image analysis. edit 3d and motion-based images 3d image editing 3d compositing and texture editing easily render and incorporate rich 3d content into your 2d composites--even edit textures on 3d models directly within photoshop extended and immediately see the results. photoshop extended supports common 3d interchange formats including 3ds obj u3d kmz and collada so you can import view and interact with most 3d models. integration with adobe acrobat 8 software create modify and collaborate on 3d content more easily through tight integration between photoshop cs3 extended and acrobat 3d software. convert myriad 3d cad formats to the robust u3d interchange format enhance models and create composites with photoshop extended and easily embed 3d models created in photoshop extended into pdf files to distribute for review. enhanced vanishing point with 3d support edit in perspective on multiple surfaces--even those connected at angles other than 90 degrees--with the enhanced vanishing point which also lets you measure in perspective; wrap graphics images and text around multiple planes; and output 2d planes as 3d models. video and animation design movie paint enhance video directly within photoshop extended. now you can paint add text and clone over multiple frames of an imported video sequence. smooth animation workflow easily create animations from a series of still images or video frames with a new animation palette that enables onion skinning. broad video format support including quicktime import quicktime movies and most avi and mpeg files and output video and animations to mov avi mpeg-4 flv 3g flc h.264 (ipod) and dv stream. video layers create and edit images for video with maximum quality and a broader range of color models. edit and enhance grayscale rgb cmyk and lab models at 8- 16- and 32-bit depths with color management. analyze images with precision measurement counting and edit-tracking tools 2d and 3d measurement tools extract quantitative information from images with new measurement tools. easily calibrate or set the scale of an image and then use any of the photoshop extended selection tools to define and calculate distance perimeter area and other measurements. record data points in a measurement log and export data including histogram data to a spreadsheet for further analysis. scale marker show scale in images destined for presentation or publication using the scale marker which lets you easily add a scale graphic to any image. use the ruler and count tools to quickly tally image features and measure size and distance. open annotate remove identifying patient metadata prepare for analysis convert to jpeg for presentation and more with new native dicom file support in photoshop cs3 extended. count tool easily and accurately count objects or features in scientific images with the count tool which eliminates the need to perform manual calculations or rely on visual assessments of changes from image to image. history palette and edit history log undo and redo any set of editing steps in an open image with the history palette and automatically track all editing steps within your files with the edit history log. export steps to a text file or save them as part of image metadata for easier documentation of your work file audits and more. support for manufacturing medical and scientific workflows image stacks quickly combine a series of related images and render them into a single view using a wide variety of rendering options such as median and maximum. photoshop extended automatically analyzes and combines the images while preserving the originals. image stacks are extensible so third parties can write their own render modes. dicom support use the comprehensive photoshop extended toolset to import correct annotate analyze and create animations from dicom images. even automatically remove patient information from dicom metadata and batch save jpeg files for presentation purposes. matlab support pass image data directly between photoshop extended and matlab with the ability to call photoshop extended directly from the matlab command line. visualize results of matlab algorithms in the software and combine matlab processing with photoshop extended image editing to render test and refine algorithms for image processing analysis and more. work more productively efficient and flexible work environment streamlined interface and palette management maximize screen space for editing while keeping essential tools accessible. palettes are now arranged in convenient self-adjusting docks that can be widened to full size or narrowed to icons or even a thin self-revealing strip at the edge of your monitor. faster more flexible asset management with adobe bridge cs3 organize and manage images more efficiently with next-generation adobe bridge cs3 software which now delivers improved performance a filter panel for easier searching the ability to group multiple images under a single thumbnail the loupe tool offline image browsing and more. custom menus shortcuts and workspaces set up and save custom menus keyboard shortcuts and workspaces for quick access to what you need. streamlined workflow better raw-image processing process raw images with increased speed and superior conversion quality using the photoshop camera raw plug-in which now adds support for jpeg and tiff formats; new tools including fill light and dust busting; compatibility with adobe photoshop lightroom software; and support for over 150 camera models. enhanced pdf support work more easily with adobe pdf-based content. precisely control the size of pdf pages opened in photoshop extended; add security controls and metadata such as copyright and exposure details to images within pdf presentations; and create a richer image display in pdf presentations and documents. adobe photoshop lightroom jump from adobe photoshop lightroom software to photoshop cs3 extended in one click for advanced editing of your digital images. lightroom (sold separately) offers an efficient powerful way to import manage and present large volumes of digital images. improved printing experience experience better control over print quality with color management a larger print preview window and more controls in one place so you can print in fewer steps. improved printing controls co-developed by adobe and hp make printing easier and more predictable and streamline setup options via integration with select printers from hp epson and canon. presets make sophisticated color adjustments automatically with one-click presets in curves the channel mixer and the new black and white conversion dialog box. peak performance experience native performance on intel and powerpc based macintosh computers and on microsoft windows xp and windows vista systems. automated production automate common production tasks in a variety of ways. set up event-based scripts record a series of steps as an action for efficient batch processing and design repetitive graphics faster with variables. wide range of supported formats import and export an even greater range of file formats including psd bmp dicom cineon jpeg jpeg2000 openexr png targa and tiff. adobe device central cs3 visually emulate how your dynamic content will render on mobile devices using the built-in adobe device central cs3. zoomify export for high-resolution web display take advantage of adobe flash and zoomify technology to export high-resolution images to the web for viewing through adobe flash player software. flash player displays your images quickly and efficiently letting viewers zoom in on details with minimal delay. improved integration with other adobe tools enjoy better support for photoshop files in your other adobe software applications (sold separately). copy and paste photoshop files directly into adobe dreamweaver cs3 software projects import them into adobe flash cs3 professional software with high fidelity and preserve layer effects and video layers when you import them into adobe after effects cs3 professional software. third-party solutions and resources take advantage of a wealth of additional resources--including software plug-ins books and training--from the longstanding community of expert photoshop developers authors and trainers. auto-align layers can automatically connect a series of photos into a panorama (left). auto-blend layers can then seamlessly blend lighting and texture to complete the perfect composite image (right). composite and edit with unrivaled power maximize screen space for editing while keeping essential tools accessible. faster performance highest quality conversion and new lighting controls are some of the new hallmarks of camera raw in photoshop cs3. simple intuitive point-and-click monochrome conversion is yours with the new black and white adjustment. the new print interface in photoshop cs3 gathers all of the options you need in one easier-to-use dialog box. nondestructive editing smart filters add adjust and remove filters from an image without having to resave the image or start over to preserve quality. nondestructive smart filters allow you to visualize changes without altering original pixel data. smart objects perform nondestructive scaling rotating and warping of raster and vector graphics with smart objects. even preserve the editability of vector data from adobe illustrator software. professional color and tone control color-correction enhancements take advantage of precision color correction made faster and easier. brightness/contrast now provides better results from the same intuitive interface and enhanced curves controls let you make automatic adjustments with included presets or those you create; convert to black-and-white with point sliders; and use a histogram color channel lines and a clipping preview. black-and-white conversion easily convert color images to rich black-and-white and adjust tonal values and tints with a new tool. experiment with the included black-and-white presets or create and save your own custom presets to achieve the best results. improved channel mixer take advantage of new functionality and a host of presets that make the channel mixer easier to use for black-and-white conversion. enhanced 32-bit high dynamic range (hdr) support create and edit 32-bit images and combine multiple exposures into a single 32-bit image that preserves the full range of a scene--from the deepest shadows to the brightest highlights. new image-processing and alignment algorithms deliver superior results. and with photoshop cs3 extended you can even edit 32-bit images using brushes filters blending modes transformations selections tools aspect ratios and more. intelligent image editing and enhancement more powerful cloning and healing tools experience greater control when retouching images with cloning tools and the healing brush. clone images over time; see source pixels under your tool or brush for more precise positioning; preview changes to source content live; and set multiple source points scale and rotate in the new clone source palette. rich painting and drawing toolset create or modify images with a wide assortment of professional fully customizable paint settings artistic brushes and drawing tools. + = the faster route to perfect composites& 151;auto-align layers takes the effort out of perfectly lining up the contents of multiple layers while auto-blend layers completes the task of blending together the texture and lighting from many layers into one. easy compositing and selecting advanced compositing create more accurate composites by automatically aligning multiple photoshop layers or images based on similar content. the auto-align layers command quickly analyzes details and moves rotates or warps layers to align them perfectly and the auto-blend layers command blends the color and shading to create a smooth editable result. improved photomerge technology take advantage of refined photomerge technology which uses new layer-alignment and layer-blending capabilities to let you automatically stitch horizontal or vertical photos into seamless panoramas. quick selection and refine edge tools make selections in a snap. loosely draw on an image area and the quick selection tool automatically completes the selection for you. then preview and fine-tune your selections with the refine edge tool. flexible layers composite images text and effects on hundreds of layers for extraordinarily sophisticated results. organize layers with up to five levels of nesting and save them in different combinations as layer comps. which edition of photoshop cs3 is right for you? photoshop cs3 is available in two editions--photoshop cs3 and photoshop cs3 extended--to meet the diverse needs of professionals in a wide range of fields. adobe photoshop cs3 adobe photoshop cs3 extended builds on photoshop cs2 with dozens of improvements increased productivity with a streamlined interface camera raw enhancements next-generation adobe bridge cs3 and zoomify export unrivaled editing power with live filters more precise color correction easier black-and-white conversion and more powerful cloning and healing tools breakthrough compositing with automatic layer alignment and blending capabilities easier selections and improved photomerge technology 3d and motion support with the ability to edit 3d content and incorporate it into 2d compositions paint and clone over multiple video frames and more comprehensive image analysis with new image measurement and counting tools adobe 349|destineer tropico 2: pirate cove system requirements: macintosh computer with an 800 mhz or faster processor os x version 10.2.8 or higher 256 mb ram os x-compatible 32mb+ video card (graphics accelerator) cd/dvd-rom drive 1.8 gb free hard drive space  29.99
0|riverdeep the print shop zoom dvd the print shop zoom takes your digital photos further. with a few quick clicks turn your photos into slick contemporary designs that will frame your subjects in the best light. stay true to the mix of simplicity and power that millions of users know and love. create your unique designs by navigating through three easy-to-use areas of the program. it's the simple way to create gorgeous banners business cards mailing labels letterhead calendars newsletters cd/dvd labels postcards invitations even hand-crafted cards. riverdeep 0|onone software genuine fractals print pro software calumet photographic-the photographers catalog: for extraordinary image enlargements genuine fractals print pro enables photographers and digital imaging professionals to create high-quality print-ready enlargements of rgb and cmyk files. when you ...  269.99
0|instant immersion language lab deluxe edition the easy and fast way to multi-language learning!product informationpeerless powerful and popularly priced the new and improved instant immersion language lab is the award-winning instructional software suite that talks your langua topics entertainment 0|adobe premiere pro cs3 upgrade multicore intel processor (adobe onlocation? cs3 is a windows application that may be used on macintosh using boot camp and windows sold separately) mac os x v.10.4.9 1gb of ram for dv; 2gb of ram for hdv and hd 10gb of available hard-disk space ...  308.99
0|adobe creative suite cs3 production premium maximize your productivity with adobe creative suite 3 production premium software the total post-production solution available for both mac and windows. tighter-than-ever integration between adobe's all-new video audio and design tools--now including adobe flash cs3 professional software--offers a smooth workflow from concept to delivery. reach the widest possible audience by delivering content to film video dvd blu-ray disc the web and mobile devices. photoshop cs3 extended for new dimensions in digital imaging illustrator cs3 for powerful vector graphics creation flash cs3 professional for creating rich interactive content adobe premiere pro cs3 for capturing editing and delivering video adobe encore cs3 for preparing dvd titles adobe after effects cs3 professional for industry-standard motion graphics and visual effects put ideas in motion with the total post-production solution produce visually innovative work faster and more easily with new adobe creative suite 3 production premium software for mac and windows. audience benefit corporate and event videographers--you only have one chance to capture that critical shot and with small crews and tight deadlines you need to work fast for clients who demand high production values. adobe creative suite 3 production premium combines the latest versions of adobe's video audio and design tools allowing you to capture events directly to disc; work fast with precision editing tools; create blockbuster effects with adobe after effects cs3 professional and photoshop cs3 extended software; create and match audio to your visuals with adobe soundbooth software; and deliver content however your clients need it whether on tape dvd or blu-ray disc the web or mobile devices. unmatched integration and productivity tools allow you to move quickly between applications keeping you on schedule without sacrificing high-quality results. motion graphics professionals--for visual effects creation motion graphics and compositing you need to meet tight deadlines for clients who expect the highest quality productions. adobe creative suite 3 production premium helps you deliver results using the industry's leading motion graphics tool adobe after effects cs3 professional software tightly integrated with adobe photoshop cs3 extended illustrator adobe premiere pro and other components to enable maximum flexibility and performance. create multilayered composites rich animation and high-quality graphics for films television commercials bumpers and promos as well as for dvd or online content within the fluid unified environment of production premium. independent filmmakers--your passion is storytelling. your challenge is finding the right software to handle every aspect of the production process and deliver high-quality results. adobe creative suite 3 production premium helps meet this need with a complete toolset combining the latest versions of adobe's industry-leading software components for capturing footage directly to disc performing nonlinear video and audio editing producing motion graphics and visual effects authoring to dvd and outputting content as flv or swf files for the web and mobile devices. tell your story with stunning impact to the widest possible audience with production premium. visually manage assets in adobe bridge test mobile designs in adobe device central coordinate with team members using adobe version cue host real-time web-based meetings with adobe acrobat connect educators--adobe creative suite 3 production premium is a total post-production solution combining full new versions of adobe's world-class design and graphics tools. with production premium you can work with every aspect of visual design animation video film and disc production cost effectively and via a single integrated interface. create promotional materials such as websites that feature video content prepare students for working with a wide range of file formats on both windows and mac platforms and deliver your work across multiple media types. interactive designers--integrating video into interactive projects is increasingly part of authoring rich engaging experiences whether for a dvd an interactive display websites or emerging mobile markets. adobe creative suite 3 production premium offers all the essential tools needed for interactive authoring including new releases of adobe photoshop illustrator after effects and flash software. save time as you work fluidly between after effects and flash generating sophisticated graphics and animations for your interactive projects. top new features in adobe creative suite 3 production premium new adobe after effects cs3 professional take advantage of innovative new features in adobe after effects cs3 professional such as shape layers for flexible drawing and animation of vector shapes; the puppet tool an intuitive new approach to shape animation; and brainstorm to quickly experiment and refine designs using parameters you define. new adobe premiere pro cs3 and adobe onlocation cs3* (windows version) make every phase of video production more efficient with adobe premiere pro cs3 as well as adobe onlocation cs3* (formerly the award-winning dv rack hd now included in the production premium box) a powerful set of direct-to-disc recording and on-set monitoring tools to help produce high-quality video footage while shooting with an sd or hd camera. achieve dramatic effects using improved slow motion with variable speed control in adobe premiere pro cs3. new adobe photoshop cs3 extended and illustrator cs3 enhance your video productions with the highest quality images and vector illustrations. with adobe photoshop cs3 extended use new video layer support to edit and paint your video frame by frame or clone between frames. illustrator cs3 provides new document profiles for video with safe areas specific to your output. now with adobe cs3 flash professional market your services through your own rich interactive website using adobe flash cs3 professional. work in flash using a familiar adobe interface and familiar video workflows. export flash video with cue points from after effects adobe premiere pro and adobe soundbooth and move animations easily between after effects and flash. innovative new adobe soundbooth cs3 for audio designed for creative professionals adobe soundbooth cs3 delivers focused tools to quickly accomplish everyday audio tasks--even if audio production isn't your specialty. fast and intuitive soundbooth makes it easy to remove noise from recordings polish voice-overs customize music and sound effects to fit a production and much more. new adobe encore cs3 author once and then output to multiple media types. use a familiar adobe interface to author a single encore cs3 project and then export to standard-definition dvds high-definition blu-ray discs and interactive dvd-style swf-based experiences for immediate use on the web. extensive integration for exceptional productivity tighter-than-ever integration between photoshop and after effects and between after effects illustrator adobe premiere pro encore soundbooth and flash streamlines your workflow making it easier than ever to move projects and files between component applications and work with a common user interface. in addition adobe bridge offers new file type support and metadata previews. available for mac and windows work on the platform of your choice. adobe creative suite 3 production premium is now available for both mac and windows and is supported by a broad selection of books training materials third-party plug-ins and leading industry partners including the openhd partner alliance. expanded output options including video for mobile phones reach a broader audience using a wider range of formats and devices. use the adobe media encoder to export 3gp and h.264 video for mobile phones ipods and psp systems and other mobile devices from after effects adobe premiere pro and soundbooth. preview the results for supported mobile devices using adobe device central cs3. use adobe encore cs3 to author dvds high-definition blu-ray discs and interactive dvd-style swf-based experiences. quick effective keying with new adobe ultra cs3 transform keying into a practical daily production tool for all types of video projects with adobe ultra cs3 software. create highly realistic background composites with drag-and-drop simplicity even from marginal video sources and customize hundreds of virtual sets included in master sets library 1 a collection of virtual sets with alternate angles motion tracking and scaling to put your subject in the set not just in front of it. output in broadcast quality to a wide range of advanced file formats. improve efficiency and incorporate a tapeless workflow during shoots by using adobe onlocation cs3 to monitor your camera's video signal and record it directly to a computer hard drive. adobe soundbooth cs3 for creating and editing audio quickly and intuitively additional features future-ready tools for delivery of video content anywhere meet today's production demands and tomorrow's challenges head on. broad support for leading standards and formats an open approach to hardware and platform support a rich ecosystem of plug-ins and other third-party solutions and the ability to deliver video content to new types of devices--from mobile to blu-ray disc--give you a competitive edge. no more intermediate rendering thanks to adobe dynamic link enjoy greater freedom to experiment with new ideas without having to wait for intermediate rendering. exclusively available in production premium adobe dynamic link allows you to edit a composition in after effects and view your updates instantly in adobe premiere pro and adobe encore. engaging online experiences leveraging new adobe flash cs3 use the industry's most advanced interactive authoring environment to integrate your video content into uniquely engaging websites presentations and mobile content. export layered vector animations from after effects to flash import swf files as vectors into after effects and encode flv files with cue points from after effects adobe premiere pro and soundbooth. compositing and animation with new adobe after effects cs3 professional innovative new features make the industry standard even more essential. adobe after effects cs3 software offers new shape layers for drawing and animating vector shapes an intuitive new approach to shape animation using the puppet tool new integration with flash and photoshop and dramatically improved performance so you can maintain your creative momentum. real-time editing with new adobe premiere pro cs3 adobe encore cs3 and adobe onlocation cs3* (windows version) now available for mac and windows adobe premiere pro cs3 software offers scalable efficient and flexible nonlinear video editing with improved slow-motion capabilities and delivery options. support for hd hdv sd and dv gives you the flexibility to deliver high-quality work. use encore cs3 to create full-featured menu-driven standard-definition dvds high-definition blu-ray discs and interactive dvd-style swf-based experiences for immediate use on the web. in windows enjoy new direct-to-disc recording and on-set monitoring tools to help produce high-quality video footage with adobe onlocation cs3. image editing and graphics creation with adobe photoshop cs3 and illustrator cs3 integrate images and graphics for use in your productions. with adobe photoshop cs3 extended use new video layer support to edit and paint your video frame by frame or clone between frames. use advanced drawing texturing coloring tracing and typography tools to create vector artwork with adobe illustrator cs3 software. fast intuitive audio editing and creation with adobe soundbooth cs3 adobe soundbooth cs3 lets you take command of your audio in film video or flash projects with convenient task-based tools that make high-quality audio production more efficient even if audio production isn't your specialty. video production and preview for mobile devices use the adobe media encoder in after effects adobe premiere pro and soundbooth to export 3gp and h.264 video for mobile phones ipods and psp systems and other mobile devices. preview the results for supported devices using adobe device central cs3. *for macintosh users adobe onlocation requires boot camp and windows (purchased separately) or a separate windows based computer. adobe creative suite 3: what's in each edition? adobe creative suite 3 editions design premium design standard web premium web standard production premium master collection adobe photoshop cs3 extended adobe photoshop cs3 adobe illustrator cs3 adobe indesign cs3 adobe acrobat 8 professional adobe flash cs3 professional adobe dreamweaver cs3 adobe contribute cs3 adobe fireworks cs3 adobe after effects cs3 professional adobe premiere pro cs3 adobe soundbooth cs3 adobe encore cs3 adobe onlocation * adobe ultra cs3 * additional features and services in adobe creative suite 3 adobe bridge cs3 adobe version cue cs3 adobe device central cs3 adobe dynamic link adobe stock photos adobe acrobat connect * adobe ultra runs on microsoft windows only. for macintosh users adobe onlocation requires bootcamp and windows (purchased separately) or a separate windows-based computer. adobe 1699|make finale 2006 software music production software finale 2006 - professional notation and score publishing software for mac and windows for the professional composer or music publisher producing and outputting music scores and instrumental parts finale 2006 from makemusic is the software of choice. ...  424.95
0|jumpstart advanced 2nd grade v2.0 the jumpstart advanced 2nd grade helps children build and practice essential skills and get a head start on 3rd grade. with adjustable pacing and the ability to select activities that correspond to their learning style preferences students can create a personalized learning experience. subjects include: art - art styles art vocabulary music - music styles & music notation thinking skills - logical thinking & problem solving knowledge adventure 19.99|individual software prm-r12 resumemaker professional 12.0 resumemaker is packed with powerful features to help you write a better resume land a better job and earn a higher salary. is your resume helping you move forward or holding you back? advance your career and never miss another career opportunity! ... individual software 29.99
0|adobe photoshop cs3 extended upgrade [mac] note: this is the upgrade version of adobe photoshop cs3 extended. ideal for film video and multimedia professionals and graphic and web designers using 3d and motion as well as professionals in engineering and science adobe photoshop cs3 extended upgrade software delivers everything in photoshop cs3 and more. render and incorporate 3d images into your 2d composites. stop time with easy editing of motion graphics on video layers. and probe your images with measurement analysis and visualization tools. the professional standard now comes in two versions& 151;photoshop cs3 and photoshop cs3 extended with additional features and enhancements for specialized image professionals. the clone stamp and healing brush tools now feature an overlay preview of the source areas. the loupe tool in adobe bridge cs3 lets you easily zoom into the fine detail of any image. zoomify export allows you to efficiently display even the highest resolution imagery over low bandwidth web connections. edit 3d and motion-based images adobe photoshop cs3 extended includes key new capabilities that let you incorporate 3d and motion-based content into your image editing workflow. now you can render 3d content into your 2d composites edit existing textures on 3d models and embed your edited models into adobe pdf files for easy collaboration with colleagues. plus you can animate video frames paint and clone over multiple video frames and import and export video files in a wide range of formats. analyze images with precision photoshop cs3 extended helps professionals in manufacturing medicine architecture engineering and scientific research gain more insight from images. measurement and counting tools enable analysis of 2d and 3d images. matlab users can pull image data from photoshop extended into matlab and visualize results of matlab algorithms back in the software. and medical professionals can correct annotate and analyze dicom files. adobe bridge for photoshop cs3 extended features faster performance the filters panel to quickly narrow your view the new loupe tool for close-up inspection of any image and much more. photoshop cs3 extended enables you to open native 3d file formats manipulate the models in 3d space open and edit textures applied to the models and then easily composite the results with 2d images. new features for motion graphics professionals in photoshop cs3 extended include cloning and healing over time with the help of the new clone source palette and preview overlays the enhanced animation palette for time-based editing and native video layers in color depths from 8- to 32-bit. brushes layers and selections are just three of the core editing features now available for 32-bit hdr images exclusively in photoshop cs3 extended. work more productively with improved performance throughout the editing workflow photoshop cs3 extended helps you work more productively--even when editing the most specialized images. experience native performance on both intel and powerpc based macs and on microsoft windows vista systems. maximize your workspace with a streamlined interface process raw images with increased speed and quality and manage assets more efficiently in the revamped adobe bridge cs3. composite and edit with unrivaled power leverage the power of the industry standard for the utmost creative control in image editing and compositing. now you can apply filters nondestructively manage and correct color more easily convert color images to rich black-and-white with one click and retouch images with more powerful cloning and healing tools. plus you can enjoy advanced compositing with breakthrough tools for aligning and blending layers automatically and making image selections with one brush stroke. product highlights experience smooth handling of 3d and motion-based content. gain deeper insights from your images with new measurement and analysis tools. boost your productivity with a streamlined interface enhancements to raw-image processing and asset management workflows and more. achieve your vision with unrivaled power to edit composite and experiment. audience benefit film video and multimedia professionals and graphic and web designers using 3d and motion--with adobe photoshop cs3 extended software you can now leverage the power of the photoshop image-editing toolset and paint engine when editing 3d and motion-based content for film video the web and mobile devices. manufacturing and design engineers--with adobe photoshop cs3 extended software you can easily import rotate and create different rendering modes and edit existing textures on 3d models to enhance 3d content or create compelling composites of 2d and 3d content. medical professionals--adobe photoshop cs3 extended software helps you improve patient care with powerful tools for documenting and analyzing treatment and visualizing potential outcomes. architects and engineers--adobe photoshop cs3 extended software helps you communicate your vision clearly and make an impact with all of your drawings and designs. scientific researchers--adobe photoshop cs3 extended software delivers new tools for analyzing and extracting data from images and offers powerful presentation capabilities to help you communicate your discoveries. students and educators--with features designed for professionals in video and motion graphics production manufacturing medicine architecture engineering and scientific research adobe photoshop cs3 extended software is a key new tool for students pursuing careers in these fields and for their instructors. product overview get everything in adobe photoshop cs3 software and more with photoshop cs3 extended which enables you to edit 3d and motion-based content and perform image analysis. edit 3d and motion-based images 3d image editing 3d compositing and texture editing easily render and incorporate rich 3d content into your 2d composites--even edit textures on 3d models directly within photoshop extended and immediately see the results. photoshop extended supports common 3d interchange formats including 3ds obj u3d kmz and collada so you can import view and interact with most 3d models. integration with adobe acrobat 8 software create modify and collaborate on 3d content more easily through tight integration between photoshop cs3 extended and acrobat 3d software. convert myriad 3d cad formats to the robust u3d interchange format enhance models and create composites with photoshop extended and easily embed 3d models created in photoshop extended into pdf files to distribute for review. enhanced vanishing point with 3d support edit in perspective on multiple surfaces--even those connected at angles other than 90 degrees--with the enhanced vanishing point which also lets you measure in perspective; wrap graphics images and text around multiple planes; and output 2d planes as 3d models. video and animation design movie paint enhance video directly within photoshop extended. now you can paint add text and clone over multiple frames of an imported video sequence. smooth animation workflow easily create animations from a series of still images or video frames with a new animation palette that enables onion skinning. broad video format support including quicktime import quicktime movies and most avi and mpeg files and output video and animations to mov avi mpeg-4 flv 3g flc h.264 (ipod) and dv stream. video layers create and edit images for video with maximum quality and a broader range of color models. edit and enhance grayscale rgb cmyk and lab models at 8- 16- and 32-bit depths with color management. analyze images with precision measurement counting and edit-tracking tools 2d and 3d measurement tools extract quantitative information from images with new measurement tools. easily calibrate or set the scale of an image and then use any of the photoshop extended selection tools to define and calculate distance perimeter area and other measurements. record data points in a measurement log and export data including histogram data to a spreadsheet for further analysis. scale marker show scale in images destined for presentation or publication using the scale marker which lets you easily add a scale graphic to any image. use the ruler and count tools to quickly tally image features and measure size and distance. open annotate remove identifying patient metadata prepare for analysis convert to jpeg for presentation and more with new native dicom file support in photoshop cs3 extended. count tool easily and accurately count objects or features in scientific images with the count tool which eliminates the need to perform manual calculations or rely on visual assessments of changes from image to image. history palette and edit history log undo and redo any set of editing steps in an open image with the history palette and automatically track all editing steps within your files with the edit history log. export steps to a text file or save them as part of image metadata for easier documentation of your work file audits and more. support for manufacturing medical and scientific workflows image stacks quickly combine a series of related images and render them into a single view using a wide variety of rendering options such as median and maximum. photoshop extended automatically analyzes and combines the images while preserving the originals. image stacks are extensible so third parties can write their own render modes. dicom support use the comprehensive photoshop extended toolset to import correct annotate analyze and create animations from dicom images. even automatically remove patient information from dicom metadata and batch save jpeg files for presentation purposes. matlab support pass image data directly between photoshop extended and matlab with the ability to call photoshop extended directly from the matlab command line. visualize results of matlab algorithms in the software and combine matlab processing with photoshop extended image editing to render test and refine algorithms for image processing analysis and more. work more productively efficient and flexible work environment streamlined interface and palette management maximize screen space for editing while keeping essential tools accessible. palettes are now arranged in convenient self-adjusting docks that can be widened to full size or narrowed to icons or even a thin self-revealing strip at the edge of your monitor. faster more flexible asset management with adobe bridge cs3 organize and manage images more efficiently with next-generation adobe bridge cs3 software which now delivers improved performance a filter panel for easier searching the ability to group multiple images under a single thumbnail the loupe tool offline image browsing and more. custom menus shortcuts and workspaces set up and save custom menus keyboard shortcuts and workspaces for quick access to what you need. streamlined workflow better raw-image processing process raw images with increased speed and superior conversion quality using the photoshop camera raw plug-in which now adds support for jpeg and tiff formats; new tools including fill light and dust busting; compatibility with adobe photoshop lightroom software; and support for over 150 camera models. enhanced pdf support work more easily with adobe pdf-based content. precisely control the size of pdf pages opened in photoshop extended; add security controls and metadata such as copyright and exposure details to images within pdf presentations; and create a richer image display in pdf presentations and documents. adobe photoshop lightroom jump from adobe photoshop lightroom software to photoshop cs3 extended in one click for advanced editing of your digital images. lightroom (sold separately) offers an efficient powerful way to import manage and present large volumes of digital images. improved printing experience experience better control over print quality with color management a larger print preview window and more controls in one place so you can print in fewer steps. improved printing controls co-developed by adobe and hp make printing easier and more predictable and streamline setup options via integration with select printers from hp epson and canon. presets make sophisticated color adjustments automatically with one-click presets in curves the channel mixer and the new black and white conversion dialog box. peak performance experience native performance on intel and powerpc based macintosh computers and on microsoft windows xp and windows vista systems. automated production automate common production tasks in a variety of ways. set up event-based scripts record a series of steps as an action for efficient batch processing and design repetitive graphics faster with variables. wide range of supported formats import and export an even greater range of file formats including psd bmp dicom cineon jpeg jpeg2000 openexr png targa and tiff. adobe device central cs3 visually emulate how your dynamic content will render on mobile devices using the built-in adobe device central cs3. zoomify export for high-resolution web display take advantage of adobe flash and zoomify technology to export high-resolution images to the web for viewing through adobe flash player software. flash player displays your images quickly and efficiently letting viewers zoom in on details with minimal delay. improved integration with other adobe tools enjoy better support for photoshop files in your other adobe software applications (sold separately). copy and paste photoshop files directly into adobe dreamweaver cs3 software projects import them into adobe flash cs3 professional software with high fidelity and preserve layer effects and video layers when you import them into adobe after effects cs3 professional software. third-party solutions and resources take advantage of a wealth of additional resources--including software plug-ins books and training--from the longstanding community of expert photoshop developers authors and trainers. auto-align layers can automatically connect a series of photos into a panorama (left). auto-blend layers can then seamlessly blend lighting and texture to complete the perfect composite image (right). composite and edit with unrivaled power maximize screen space for editing while keeping essential tools accessible. faster performance highest quality conversion and new lighting controls are some of the new hallmarks of camera raw in photoshop cs3. simple intuitive point-and-click monochrome conversion is yours with the new black and white adjustment. the new print interface in photoshop cs3 gathers all of the options you need in one easier-to-use dialog box. nondestructive editing smart filters add adjust and remove filters from an image without having to resave the image or start over to preserve quality. nondestructive smart filters allow you to visualize changes without altering original pixel data. smart objects perform nondestructive scaling rotating and warping of raster and vector graphics with smart objects. even preserve the editability of vector data from adobe illustrator software. professional color and tone control color-correction enhancements take advantage of precision color correction made faster and easier. brightness/contrast now provides better results from the same intuitive interface and enhanced curves controls let you make automatic adjustments with included presets or those you create; convert to black-and-white with point sliders; and use a histogram color channel lines and a clipping preview. black-and-white conversion easily convert color images to rich black-and-white and adjust tonal values and tints with a new tool. experiment with the included black-and-white presets or create and save your own custom presets to achieve the best results. improved channel mixer take advantage of new functionality and a host of presets that make the channel mixer easier to use for black-and-white conversion. enhanced 32-bit high dynamic range (hdr) support create and edit 32-bit images and combine multiple exposures into a single 32-bit image that preserves the full range of a scene--from the deepest shadows to the brightest highlights. new image-processing and alignment algorithms deliver superior results. and with photoshop cs3 extended you can even edit 32-bit images using brushes filters blending modes transformations selections tools aspect ratios and more. intelligent image editing and enhancement more powerful cloning and healing tools experience greater control when retouching images with cloning tools and the healing brush. clone images over time; see source pixels under your tool or brush for more precise positioning; preview changes to source content live; and set multiple source points scale and rotate in the new clone source palette. rich painting and drawing toolset create or modify images with a wide assortment of professional fully customizable paint settings artistic brushes and drawing tools. + = the faster route to perfect composites& 151;auto-align layers takes the effort out of perfectly lining up the contents of multiple layers while auto-blend layers completes the task of blending together the texture and lighting from many layers into one. easy compositing and selecting advanced compositing create more accurate composites by automatically aligning multiple photoshop layers or images based on similar content. the auto-align layers command quickly analyzes details and moves rotates or warps layers to align them perfectly and the auto-blend layers command blends the color and shading to create a smooth editable result. improved photomerge technology take advantage of refined photomerge technology which uses new layer-alignment and layer-blending capabilities to let you automatically stitch horizontal or vertical photos into seamless panoramas. quick selection and refine edge tools make selections in a snap. loosely draw on an image area and the quick selection tool automatically completes the selection for you. then preview and fine-tune your selections with the refine edge tool. flexible layers composite images text and effects on hundreds of layers for extraordinarily sophisticated results. organize layers with up to five levels of nesting and save them in different combinations as layer comps. which edition of photoshop cs3 is right for you? photoshop cs3 is available in two editions--photoshop cs3 and photoshop cs3 extended--to meet the diverse needs of professionals in a wide range of fields. adobe photoshop cs3 adobe photoshop cs3 extended builds on photoshop cs2 with dozens of improvements increased productivity with a streamlined interface camera raw enhancements next-generation adobe bridge cs3 and zoomify export unrivaled editing power with live filters more precise color correction easier black-and-white conversion and more powerful cloning and healing tools breakthrough compositing with automatic layer alignment and blending capabilities easier selections and improved photomerge technology 3d and motion support with the ability to edit 3d content and incorporate it into 2d compositions paint and clone over multiple video frames and more comprehensive image analysis with new image measurement and counting tools adobe 349|pafgpcmv01000p0rtpen pcmover - complete package - 1 user - cd - win laplink.com pafgpcmv01000p0rtpen : usually ships in 24 hours : in stock : you just got a new computer! now you want to move over all your files emails pictures and applications from your old computer.  39.14
0|adobe dreamweaver cs3 upgrade [mac] note: this is the upgrade version of adobe dreamweaver cs3. design develop and maintain websites and web applications--from start to finish--with adobe dreamweaver cs3 upgrade software. built for designers and developers dreamweaver cs3 offers both a visual layout interface and a streamlined coding environment. intelligent integration with related adobe software ensures an efficient workflow across your favorite tools. dreamweaver cs3 offers both a visual layout interface and a streamlined coding environment. the spry framework for ajax lets you add user interface components such as the expandable areas seen in the event information (open) and event directions (closed) regions here. create rich web content a higher standard in web design and development is emerging powered by dreamweaver cs3. create rich dynamic interfaces that tightly weave static structures together with responsive interactivity. use the new spry framework for ajax to develop energetic web experiences that will leave your competition standing still. in other words think deep dream big and then execute flawlessly with the most exciting web design and development tool we've ever devised. maximize efficiency accelerate your workflow with dreamweaver cs3 a faster smoother version of the preferred web design and development tool. drop in flv files add images from adobe photoshop and test your content for mobile devices. create visually or code directly work on your choice of macintosh or windows and enjoy the benefits of intelligent integration with other adobe tools. apply best practices dreamweaver cs3 makes it easy to apply best practices and accepted standards to ensure your websites and applications play well with others. build css-based websites from the ground up with new css layouts the unified css panel and css visualization and management tools. ensure more reliable and consistent performance with the new browser compatibility check. instantly preview your content for pcs mobile devices and print and find fast solutions to browser-specific css issues with the new css advisor website. audience benefit web designers--discover an exceptional web design workflow with adobe dreamweaver cs3 software. design and maintain websites from start to finish with your choice of either a powerful visual design interface or an efficient coding environment. streamline design with helpful css features; preview your pages for pcs mobile devices and print; and easily test pages for browser compatibility. enjoy tight integration with adobe photoshop cs3 flash cs3 professional fireworks cs3 and other adobe tools. web developers--develop more reliable consistent web applications based on universally accepted development standards with adobe dreamweaver cs3. take advantage of support for leading web development technologies including php adobe coldfusion and ajax for both internal and external projects. ensure consistency with helpful css features and automated cross-browser compatibility testing. comments embedded in the code offer tips about how to work with css. top reasons to buy adobe dreamweaver cs3 industry-leading tool take advantage of all the flexibility and power of a world-class web design tool. manipulate pixel-perfect designs in design view craft complex code in code view or do a little of each. work the way you work best. integrated workflows design develop and maintain content within dreamweaver cs3 while taking advantage of intelligent integration with other adobe tools including adobe flash cs3 professional adobe fireworks cs3 adobe photoshop cs3 adobe contribute cs3 and new adobe device central cs3 for creating mobile device content. complete css support discover the advantage of visual css tools that make it easy to view edit and move styles within and between files as well as see how your changes will affect the design. accelerate your workflow with new css layouts and test your design with the new browser compatibility check. integrated coding environment organize and accelerate your coding with code collapse color coding line numbering and a coding toolbar with comment/uncomment and code snippets. apply code hints for html and server languages. support for leading technologies take advantage of support for leading web development technologies including html xhtml css xml javascript ajax php adobe coldfusion asp asp.net and jsp. effortless xml quickly integrate xml content using either xsl or the spry framework for ajax. point to an xml file or xml feed url and dreamweaver cs3 will display its contents enabling you to drag and drop appropriate fields onto your page. adobe flash video support easily add flash video to your web pages in just five clicks with no knowledge of flash required. customize the video environment to match your website. learning resources learn as you go with comprehensive in-product tutorials reference content and instructional templates that make it easy to expand your skill set and adopt the latest technologies. extended dreamweaver community enjoy all the benefits of the extensive dreamweaver community including the online adobe design center and adobe developer center training and seminars developer certification programs user forums and more than 1 000 downloadable extensions available in the dreamweaver exchange. cross-platform support pick your platform: dreamweaver cs3 is available for intel or powerpc based macintosh computers as well as for windows xp and windows vista systems. design in your preferred platform and then deliver across platforms with more reliable consistent and high-performance results. additional features browser compatibility check save time and ensure a more consistent experience across browsers and operating systems with the new browser compatibility check. generate reports that identify css-related issues in a variety of browsers without needing to launch the browsers. css management easily move css code from inline to head from head to external sheet from document to document or between external sheets. cleaning up existing css in older pages has never been easier. css layouts easily incorporate css into your project with the new css layouts. extensive comments in each template explain the layout so beginning and intermediate designers can learn quickly. each template can be customized for your project. spry data integrate data into web pages using xml from an rss feed or a database. integrated data can be easily sorted and filtered. spry widgets easily add common interface components such as lists tables tabs form validation and repeatable regions to web pages with widgets from the spry framework for ajax. spry effects easily add visual transitions to page elements to make them grow shrink fade highlight and more with the spry effects for ajax. adobe 199|microsoft molpc csf sbe 3.0 order handling sbe 200pt - b7m-00283   103036
0|timbuktu remote control softwre 10 licenses for windows with its simple setup intuitive user-friendly interface and multiple security options timbuktu pro for windows is the best remote control choice for your home classroom or small business. with timbuktu pro you can view the screen of a remote computer or share your screen with one or many remote computers to collaborate teach or provide technical support. use your mouse and keyboard to operate distant computers as if you were sitting right in front of them send large files without tying up email and communicate by intercom text chat or instant message. netopia 0|xoom movie clone 3 gold x-oom movie clone 3 gold allows you to save your dvd movie backups onto blank dvds/cds or computer hard disk while retaining the full quality of the original. copy complete dvds just your favourite scenes or remove extras you just don't want. with ...  22.9
0|monopoly platinum edition monopoly platinum edition is a whole new deal in monopoly games. it's got all the family fun of monopoly with all-new features -- for more monopoly excitement! watch your tokens hop skip and dance around the board. from the rolling lawns of park place to the lowly backyards of baltic avenue you'll be entertained as you try to bankrupt your opponents and stay out of jail! encore 19.99|visual c .net step by step - microsoft press - 0-7356-1289-7 sharpen your programming skills with this step-by-step guide. buildyour dexterity with visual c - and begin writing applications forthe microsoft .net platform- one step at a time! this practical hands-on tutorial expertly guides you through the ...  14.95 gbp
0|reader rabbit kindergarten version 1.1 kids (ages 4 to 6) discover core learning skills in this delightful age-appropriate learning environment featuring reader rabbit and friends. the dreamship is trapped and by way of balloon town and pointy palace kids get to put on their jumping shoes and bounce through a range of activities to uncover reader rabbit's ship. explore eight fun activities full of adventure and discovery. along the way reader rabbit and friends guide kids through phonics matching rhyming math and more. reader rabbit kindergarten 2002 is part of the award-winning reader rabbit children's educational software series. learning activities include cocoon balloon patterns piggy plane math and bounceketball dunk 'n rhyme. kids also enjoy this title's fun music stories movies and characters while the program's progress reports let parents see just where their child is advancing and where they might need some help. so that you're never without reader rabbit reader rabbit kindergarten 2002 comes with the bonus cd-rom reader rabbit's dreamship tales. it's bursting with added activities videos tunes and more than 100 printable games and activities--a great way to keep the fun going after you've turned the computer off. the learning company 9.99|aspyr media inc travelogue 360: paris   27.99
0|gorilla 4 pro our most popular selling product the pro edition is designed for the professional filmmaker. everything is at your fingertips including a full contact manager complete budgeting and scheduling locations film festivals and more. the best thing about gorilla is that it is simple. other budgeting and scheduling programs are complex convoluted and hard to navigate through. gorilla has a simple menu-driven interface and is very easy to learn. ...and it's not only budgeting and scheduling. take a closer look at all the features this program has to offer. jungle software 399|enteractive inc fps creator first person shooters are the most popular games. now for the first time ever anyone can make their own action packed fps games without any programming or 3d modeling knowledge. fps creator brings game creation to a whole new level. it offers an  44.58
0|civil air patrol: search & rescue civil air patrol: search & rescue encapsulates all aspects of real civil air patrol missions. you'll become of the cap's 58 000 members and help them handle disaster relief in post-hurricane south. you'll fly these cap aircraft: cessna 182t with garmin 1000 glass panel and the maule mx-260. abacus 29.99|sunburst t02849 fraction attract site mac sunburst fraction attraction site license (unlimited) for mac onlyshentech.com returns allowed:noaddl return info:past exch-call sunburst 800-338-3457x2800mfr. warranty:90 days  102
0|world of warcraft expansion: burning crusade blizzard entertainment took online role playing by storm with their hit title world of warcraft. with mind-boggling improvements in graphics gameplay networking and interface -- really every category -- this game became the crown prince of the genre. world of warcraft players will be excited by the approaching release of the new expansion pack: world of warcraft: the burning crusade. this pack expands the already massive award-winning multiplayer online role-playing game by tremendous bounds adding new races lands battlegrounds professions and items and much much more. although no release date has been set here is sample of what you can expect from the burning crusade. the burning crusade is the highly anticipated unreleased expansion pack for blizzard's world of warcraft. what lies in medivh's tower? view larger. blood elves emerge as a new race in the burning crusade. view larger. the blood elves seek the golden destiny that has been promised to them. view larger. warcraft's newest continent: outland. view larger. once a beautiful land outland has been ravaged by war. view larger. outland is a vital strategic location. view larger. the expansion pack features an increase in the level cap to 70. there are two new playable races including the magical blood elves that you can read more about below. the other race has not yet been released by blizzard. there will be new starting zones in quel'thalas and beyond. another eye-opening addition is the entirely new unexplored continent of outland that is reachable through the dark portal. plus you'll find many new high-level dungeons to explore in azeroth outland and elsewhere that will substantially boost gameplay. there are new flying mounts in outland; tons of new and dangerous monsters (including epic world bosses); hundreds of new quests and items; and even a new profession: jewelcrafting. of course this isn't the end of the list -- this is just a glimpse of what blizzard has planned for their unreleased expansion pack. the new story the rumors and more several years have passed since the burning legion's defeat at mount hyjal and the races of azeroth have continued to rebuild their once shattered lives. with renewed strength the heroes of the horde and alliance have begun to explore new lands and have broken through the dark portal to investigate the realms beyond the known world. in this expansion pack the burning crusade refers to the burning legion's ongoing efforts to destroy life on azeroth. to date the burning legion's exploits have been documented in warcraft iii and in the war of the ancients novel trilogy. as part of the expansion pack players will now be able to travel through the dark portal to confront the legion on otherworldly battlefields. although only one race has been revealed blizzard has announced plans to unveil details about possible additional races at a later date. on the other hand many details have been released about the new continent outland. players last visited outland in warcraft iii: the frozen throne alongside illidan as he conquered the pit lord magtheridon's domain. players will also gain access to quel'thalas the region to the northeast of the forsaken lands where the blood elves reside. blizzard says that this expansion pack holds even more new areas that are ripe for player exploration -- additional details will be revealed in the months ahead. blizzard also has plans to add new dungeons and battlegrounds with the expansion though the exact number has not yet been determined. one upcoming dungeon that has players excited is karazhan which is located within medivh's tower. because medivh has played such a central role in warcraft lore blizzard is convinced that longtime players will be especially interested in seeing what karazhan contains. as for battlegrounds blizzard has released very little information. however they have announced plans to make some of the battles from the past accessible through the caverns of time. blood elves: the new race thousands of years ago the exiled highborne landed on the shores of lordaeron and founded the enchanted kingdom of quel'thas. these high elves as they called themselves created a fountain of vast magical energies within the heart of their land -- the sunwell. over time they grew dependant on the sunwell's unstable energies regardless of the bitter lessons they'd learned in ages past. during the third war the villainous prince arthas invaded quel'thalas and reduced the once-mighty realm to rubble and ashes. his undead army decimated nearly all of the high elven population. in addition he used the sunwell's energies to resurrect a powerful undead lich kel'thuzad thereby fouling the sunwell's mystical waters. the few elven survivors realizing that they had been cut off from the source of their arcane power grew increasingly volatile and desperate. in the midst of the elves' darkest hour came kael'thas sunstrider the last of quel'thalas' royal bloodline. kael as he was commonly known knew that the remnant of his people would not long survive without the nourishing magic that once empowered them. renaming his people blood elves in honor of their fallen countrymen kael taught the survivors how to tap into ambient mystical energies -- even demonic energies -- in order to sate their terrible thirst for magic. in search of a new destiny for his people kael'thas ventured to the remote world of outland where he encountered the fallen night elf illidan. under illidan's watchful eye kael and his blood elves regained much of their former power. unfortunately the blood elves practice of embracing demonic energies caused their former comrades in the alliance to shun them. thus the remaining blood elves on azeroth look desperately to the horde to help them reach outland where they can reunite with kael'thas and achieve the golden destiny he has promised them. outland: the new continent once the beautiful homeworld of the orcs all that remains of draenor is the scattered wastes of outland. following the second war the alliance invaded draenor by crossing through the dark portal. to their horror they discovered that ner'zhul -- the dark warlord of horde -- had constructed a series of new gateways that could lead the beaten horde to newer unspoiled worlds. as the alliance forces closed in around him ner'zhul opened his gateways as a means of escape. however his plan backfired and the gateway's clashing energies resulted in a massive catastrophic explosion that ultimately ripped the world of draenor to pieces. nearly thirteen years later -- towards the end of the third war -- the fallen night elf illidan discovered that huge chunks of draenor still existed floating upon the astral winds of the twisting nether. after his defeat at the hands of the evil prince arthas illidan fled to the remnants of draenor and dubbed them outland. he quickly seized control of the chaotic region and sealed the last of ner'zhul's gateways. though he is the undisputed ruler of the ravaged land illidan lives in fear that he will be discovered by his powerful enemies -- most notably arthas the new lich king and the remaining lords of the burning legion. for now outland is home to a number of scattered draenei tribes primitive orcs and powerful arcane creatures of the nether itself. agents of the burning legion have also targeted the region as a vital strategic location in their unending burning crusade to scour all life from the universe. what else can expected? blizzard has tantalized warcraft players with the brief glimpse into the burning crusade's storyline. will these heroes find friends or foes? what dangers and rewards lie in wait beyond the dark portal? and what will they do when they discover that the demons they thought were vanquished have returned to renew their terrible burning crusade? these and other questions will remain unanswered until the gameplay can be explored by role-playing warcrafters. blizzard entertainment 39.99|avid liquid pro 7.0 video editing hardware/software bundle for windows professional editing software liquid pro 7.0 hardware/software bundle - professional video editing software with hdv support and most sd and hd formats with dvd authoring and suround-sound audio and i/o box - win special offer the liquid pro 7 software for windows from avid is a ...  899
0|photoshop elements 4 mac retail eng 1u (19230169) - marketing information: adobe photoshop elements 4.0 software combines power and simplicity to help you do it all. edit and enhance your photos by fixing common flaws instantly or using advanced options for more control. keep every photo at your fingertips. and show off your creativity in even more entertaining ways including cards calendars and more. product information - software sub type: image editing - software name: photoshop elements v.4.0 for macintosh - complete product - features and benefits: creatively edit and enhance your photos: - quickly retouch specific areas - instantly fix common flaws - perform advanced editing - enhance your photos and create composites - fine-tune your cameraandquot;s raw files show photos in entertaining ways: - share printed photos in creative ways - share photos online - keep e-mail sizes small - animate photos for the web - share photos on mobile phones and handhelds easily find and view your photos: - see all your photos in one place - view photos full screen - know where your photos are - search by metadata - pinpoint your search - platform support: mac license information - license type: complete product - license pricing: standard - license quantity: 1 user adobe 145.39|emedia music corp emedia intermediate guitar method top 100 cd-rom of the year. - pc magazine learn to play lead guitar and more! emedia intermediate guitar method is the easiest way to take your playing beyond basic chords and melodies. new techniques are demonstrated in over 175 lesson  49.21
0|adobe flash pro cs3 upgrade [mac] note: this is the upgrade version of adobe flash cs3 professional. adobe flash cs3 professional upgrade software is the most advanced authoring environment for creating rich interactive content for digital web and mobile platforms. create interactive websites rich media advertisements instructional media presentations games and more. depend on flash cs3 and adobe flash player to ensure your content reaches the widest possible audience. create rich interactive content for digital web and mobile platforms. the flash welcome screen gives you quick access to recent documents and also helps you get started with creating new files& 151;either from scratch or from existing samples or templates. no more running back to photoshop to make simple text edits. enjoy creative flexibility realize your creative vision with a full complement of drawing animation and interactive design tools. explore innovative styles and techniques impress your clients with more than they expected and deliver consistent results across multiple platforms. with flash cs3 professional the possibilities extend as far as your imagination. maximize development productivity leverage the power of a true development environment. utilize professional coding tools including code collapse commenting automatic syntax completion streamlined error resolution and more. the new actionscript 3.0 language supports a structured and intuitive workflow that saves time and facilitates exchange between designers and developers enabling individuals and teams to deliver predictable consistent results that meet or exceed the original vision. easily work with other adobe software now your favorite tools will play well together. enjoy timesaving integration with other adobe creative software including adobe premiere pro photoshop illustrator flex builder 2 after effects and soundbooth as well as adobe bridge the central hub of adobe creative suite 3. easily exchange designs assets and files between applications without compromising fidelity. extend your reach extend the reach of your work by creating content for adobe flash player the world's most pervasive software platform. flash player is installed on more than 700 million computers and devices worldwide including over 96% of internet-enabled desktops. by creating content with flash cs3 you can leverage your work not only to the internet but also to a wide range of mobile and consumer electronics devices. create content once and then deploy it to multiple platforms. audience benefit web and interactive content designers--adobe flash cs3 professional software offers a flexible advanced authoring environment for creating unique online experiences with the latest in technical innovations such as interactive video and high standards of usability and accessibility. flash cs3 makes it easy to design interactive experiences that convey your true creative vision and impress your clients. enjoy intelligent integration with other adobe creative software. instructional media designers--adobe flash cs3 professional software offers an intuitive flexible authoring environment for creating instructional media content that is easy to deploy to the widest possible audience via web and mobile devices. the advantages of flash cs3 include the ability to integrate audio and video seamless integration with related adobe software and optional integration with education tracking systems. graphic designers--adobe flash cs3 professional software enables experienced graphic designers to expand their creative repertoire to include interactive design without compromising efficiency or disrupting existing processes and workflows. use flash cs3 to build projects that impress clients with truly unique interactive engaging content that better enables them to meet their marketing or business goals. student designers--adobe flash cs3 professional software offers nearly limitless opportunity to student designers and developers who are interested in building careers using interactive design technology. flash cs3 integrates with and supports a broad spectrum of emerging technologies including ajax 3d animation online video and open source development. each day more and more creative professionals make flash cs3 their primary tool for building a creative reputation and advancing their career. video and motion graphics professionals--adobe flash cs3 professional software dramatically expands the creative options for video and motion graphics professionals without compromising efficiency or disrupting existing processes. create innovative videos films and animations with compelling creative and interactive effects and leverage them across media including broadcast tape web and mobile devices. leverage the advantages of flash player including small content file size; broad distribution; and rapid automatic updates. top reasons to buy adobe flash cs3 produce content for a wide range of mobile and consumer electronics devices. the emulator in adobe device central gives you a spectacular preview for how your content will appear on a mobile device. adobe photoshop and adobe illustrator import import photoshop (psd) and illustrator (ai) files while preserving layers and structure and then edit them in flash cs3. optimize and customize the files during import with advanced options. frame-based timeline quickly add motion to your creations with the easy-to-use highly controllable frame-based timeline inspired by traditional animation principles such as keyframing and tweening. shape primitives easily create pie wedges round off rectangle corners define an inner circle radius and do much more. visually adjust shape properties on the stage. and create custom shapes with the included javascript api. actionscript 3.0 development save time with the new actionscript 3.0 language featuring improved performance increased flexibility and more intuitive and structured development. the import video dialog box takes you through the necessary steps to encode and prepare the video for use in your flash project. flash video encoder is a separate standalone application that can save time by batch processing the encoding of video files for the necessary conversion to flv format. sophisticated video tools create edit and deploy streaming and progressive download flash video with comprehensive video support. ensure the best video experience with a standalone video encoder alpha channel support a high-quality video codec embedded cue points video import support quicktime import closed captioning and much more. mp3 audio support integrate audio into your projects by importing mp3 files. integration with adobe soundbooth makes it easy to edit files as needed without requiring audio production experience. rich drawing capabilities visually adjust shape properties on the stage with smart shape drawing tools create precise vector illustrations with the new pen tool inspired by adobe illustrator paste illustrations from illustrator cs3 into flash cs3 and more. extensible architecture leverage the flash application programming interfaces (apis) to easily develop extensions that add custom functionality. convert animation to actionscript instantly convert timeline animations into actionscript 3.0 code that can be easily edited reused and leveraged by developers. copy animations from one object to another. adobe device central design preview and test mobile device content including interactive adobe flash lite applications and interfaces using adobe device central now integrated throughout adobe creative suite 3. additional features powerful shape drawing manipulate vector shapes with powerful shape drawing tools. easily bend erase distort skew and combine vector shapes in a natural and intuitive way. skinnable video component use the video component to easily customize the look and feel of video projects without significantly increasing file size. the component works with multiple deployment options including streaming and progressive download. improved adobe software integration enjoy a smoother and more efficient workflow enabled by integration between adobe flash cs3 and related software including adobe premiere pro photoshop illustrator after effects and soundbooth as well as adobe bridge the central hub of adobe creative suite 3. pen tool create precise vector illustrations with the pen tool inspired by adobe illustrator and then manipulate bezier control points using illustrator keyboard shortcuts. adobe interface enjoy a new streamlined interface that emphasizes consistency with other adobe creative suite 3 applications and can be customized to improve workflow and maximize stage space. adobe 199|world of warcraft burning crusade   39.99
0|age of empires iii you've landed on the new world. ready to stake your claim? so is everybody else. so have some before you. many will follow after you. how do you attain satisfaction wealth and power? then manage to keep it? it takes lots of strategic thinking. if you think other are standing idylly by you're wrong. it's going to be rough and nasty. crush your enemies with devastating cannons rifled infantry and your naval fleet. build a thriving empire with a booming economy. form strategic alliances with native americans. universal binary - works with both intel and powerpc macs gamespy top 5 game of the year 2005 award system requirements (tentative) - macintosh computer with a g4/g5 or intel processor running at 1.4ghz or faster mac os x v10.3.9 or higher 512mb ram 64 mb video card (with support for hardware t & l). 56k dial-up internet access or lan for online play destineer 49.99|versacheck(r) silver 2005 versacheck silver 2005 includes the new and improved user friendly express check designer with over 300 hand-crafted check images letting you create custom checks easily with your windows pc and laser or inkjet printer. edit text modify and move ...  29.97
0|microsoft powerpoint 2004 (mac) powerpoint 2004 offers you the powerful advanced new tools needed for fantastic presentations. whether it's for business academic or personal needs you'll design dynamic and visual presentations that stand out and get noticed. microsoft 229.99|vpn manager 10 fireboxes - watchguard - wg4010 vpn manager converts the complex task of creating multiple vpntunnels into three easy steps with our revolutionary instant vpntechnology dramatically reducing the complexity of managingmultisite vpns. watchguard's powerful scalable dvcptechnology ...  831.36 gbp
0|ipswitch inc ws ftp pro 9 sdk w/ ws ftp pro ( wd-1000-0900 ) ws_ftp pro 9 sdk w/ ws_ftp pro ipswitch inc 395|aspyr return to castle wolfenstein you are bj blazkowicz a highly decorated army ranger recruited into the office of secret actions (osa) tasked with escaping and then returning to castle wolfenstein in an attempt to thwart heinrich himmler's occult and genetic experiments. himmler ...  30.99
0|spy sweeper with antivirus/child safe spy sweeper with antivirus/child safe 1-pc (win 2000 xp vista) webroot software 39.95|larry cohn yamaha anastacia - freak of nature - smart pianosoft this innovative software series enables your disklavier mark iii piano to perform with the world's most popular cds! using yamaha's pianosmart technology this companion diskette will magically empower your disklavier mark iii to accompany the ...  14.86
0|quickbooks pro 2007 for mac (mac) manufacturer warranty:andnbsp;andnbsp;90 days intuit 199.95|global software a2649m2h - rainbow fish & the whale - win 95 98 me xp/mac 8.6-9.x (classic) x v10.1 or higher global software a2649m2h : rainbow fish is a worldwide phenomenon with more than 8 million books sold! rainbow fish the most glittering creature in the sea happens upon a whale with a really bad case of the hiccups who accidentally swallows ...  8.79
0|dk exotic animals africa  global software publishing 9.99|apple shake 4.1 digital compositing software for mac os x effects software shake 4.1 digital compositing software for mac os x the shake 4.1 digital compositing software for mac os x from apple is the industry-standard application for digital video compositing. the application allows you to combine 2d and 3d computer ...  498.95
0|global software smart steps 1st grade ( windows macintosh ) developed by education specialists smart steps builds a solid foundation in reading math science creativity and more to prepare students for a lifetime of success in school. a unique tracking system gives a detailed chart of each student's development highlights areas of interest and identifies areas where students need more practice. an innovative sticker reward system inspires students to complete each activity continue on with new skills and practice over and over again. with a host of creative activities and an incredible variety of up to 100 practice exercises smart steps will teach and reinforce learning until skills are mastered and implemented. global software 0|aspyr media inc enemy territory: quake wars   47.04
0|the print shop 21 standard by broderbund yellow cyan magenta - ink cartridge(s) encore software 0|hal leonard cathal mcconnell teaches pennywhistle cathal mcconnell teaches irish pennywhistle  14.86
0|upgrade freehand 11 maceng cd 1u model- adbcd57668mc vendor- adobe software features- freehand mx for mac- upgrade version macromedia freehand mx upgrade from freehand 9.x. note: to install upgrade successfully you will need a licensed version of macromedia freehand 9.x on the same platform as this purchase. use freehand mx for creative design storyboarding multipage document production and editing with an unparalleled set of creative design tools. easily repurpose your designs for print the internet or macromedia flash. * workflow: - graphic symbols help you streamline the creation and update of repetitive elements across your designs. once you ve defined an object or group as a symbol you can place an instance of that symbol throughout your document. when edits or updates are needed simply make your changes to the symbol and all instances are automatically updated. instances can be transformed individually with different attributes- such as effects-without breaking their relationship to the parent symbol. symbols are managed in the library panel. symbol libraries can also be shared across multiple documents allowing you to store commonly used elements-such as logos or navigation buttons-for use in all your designs. because only one definition of a graphic is stored using symbols in macromedia flash projects creates smaller swf files for faster web downloads. - all freehand mx panels and non-modal dialogs share a common look feel and behavior-enhancing workflow. panels you frequently use can be left open and out of the work area by docking with standard panel sets making it easy to customize the interface-and make your workspace more efficient. - freehand mx uses anti-ali adobe 274.95|webroot software 65210 spy sweeper 3 pc spy sweeper 4.5 with the most advanced blocking detection and removal capabilities on the market. today's spyware is far more harmful than ever before placing personal information privacy and perhaps even your identity at risk.dedicated to ... webroot software 31.99
0|power production storyboard artist 4 with storyboard artist 4 you can create professional-quality digital storyboards easily. designed for media-savvy creatives to deliver more control and flexibility to smooth the creative process through production and post. whether you make a feature film or a corporate presentation storyboarding helps you visualize what you want to create. filmmakers television producers advertising creatives game developers dvd and interactive tv designers and educators all can previsualize with storyboard artist. timeline creates animatic projects automatically as you develop your storyboards: add sound and motion to your storyboards create libraries for easy access to custom and frequently usedimages - logos location photos custom characters custom page layout to create the perfect storyboard template tons of pre-made easy access content to create storyboards quickly choose right aspect ratio for your product whether it's for tv hdtv widescreen european feature or something custom import and edit multiple tracks of sound including mp3s export directly to final cut pro avid nle's quicktime & flash - create edl's shot lists and frame file series - even export to html for web publishing power production 0|rayman 10th anniversary collection enter a bizarre fantasy universe and join rayman as he battles against evil! the rayman 10th anniversary collection contains three critically acclaimed action-packed games as well as a print studio bonus posters and printable stickers.  8.95
0|sony sound forge 9 boxed upgrade upgrade only; previous version required sound forge 9 is the industry standard for editing and production. create and edit stereo and multichannel audio files with speed and precision in the studio or in the field. the latest version is a complete audio production suite -- cd design effects processing and mastering tools. a host of new features will gives you total control of your audio - from multichannel audio recording and editing to dolby digital ac-3 encoding. acclaimed for its power stability and intuitive interface it's the fastest way to get from raw audio to finished master. automated time-based recording audio restoration tools spectrum analysis tools noise reduction 2.0 plug-ins drag and drop editing between channels hardware meters with output gain control phase and mono-compatibility meters multichannel-capable spectrum analysis disc-at-once cd burning batch processing and scripting; wave hammer mastering tools; acoustic mirror plug-ins dolby digital ac-3 support hardware meters with output gain control directx plug-in fx automation link to sony music studios internet mastering (sim) works with vista sony media 232.05|adobe premiere pro cs3 software with encore cs3 and onlocation cs3 (windows only) full version for macintosh adorama camera: tell your story with maximum impact using adobe premiere pro cs3 software the start-to-finish solution for efficient video production that now includes adobe onlocation cs3 (windows only) and adobe encore cs3 in the box. save time ...  723.95
0|diskeepeer 2007 admin upgrade sngl lic pack diskeepeer 2007 admin upg sngl lic pack diskeeper corporation 200|microsoft money 2007 home and business (pc) key features: create invoices process payroll free bonus services...  89.99
0|eovia carrara 4 pro win/mac carrara 4 pro software keeps professional designers ahead of the curve by offering superior performance capabilities and an extraordinarily abundant toolset. this highly developed software has the same competencies and highly intuitive interface as our standard version but adds advanced features such as sound support 3d and vector motion blur blurry reflections extended import capabilities and more. additionally the eovia chain network rendering feature delivers ultra-fast image and animation rendering by distributing tasks across a local network of up to five computers. carrara 4 pro also comes pre-loaded with: eovia corporation 599.99|versacheck(r) gold 2005 versachecks user-friendly point-and-click interface makes creating custom checks a snap. just follow the on-screen instructions type in your information place your graphics and print. its really that simple! versacheck gold also offers: new check ...  59.97
0|xtreme photostory on cd and dvd 6  magix entertainment 29.99|super collapse! 3 product requirements: mac os x 10.2.8 through 10.4 g3 400mhz or intel core processor 128mb ram  22.99
0|galaxy of games 5000 galaxy of games 1001 is egames biggest collection of games ever! choose from a wide variety of exciting categories including arcade casino puzzle card word games and more. choose from a wide selection of card games including: mahjongg bingo backgammon reversi. and many more! 2k games 19.99|cakewalk sonar 6 studio edition software music production software sonar 6 studio edition - multi-track audio/midi recorder/editor software for windows xp sonar 6 studio edition from cakewalk is fully-featured software for music-production designed to cover every step of the production cycle from composing with ...  279.95
0|internet cleanup 3.0 with internet cleanup 3.0 you'll streamline your privacy management. anyone who uses the web needs to clean out their cache from tiem to time - internet cleanup 3.0 makes it quick and easy. with a few clicks you'll delete browser caches auto-fill data chat transcripts browser history files and e-mail attachments. the program also has features that look for spyware and keystroke recorders protecting your mac while you surf. block cookies and prevent websites from knowing your browsing history electronic shredding with secure delete - obliterate files completely and protect your privacy advanced new network security tools for safe secure system-wide cleanup aladdin systems 29.99|brighter minds backyard sports   19.99
0|adventure workshop preschool-1st grade 8th edition adventure workshop preschool-1st grade 8th edition gives you three award-winning titles for one low price! this super learning tool for children delivers hours of creative exploration. your child will love playing learning and just spending time with his or her favorite characters. watch your child laugh and learn through colorful and clever activities that build valuable skills. give your child a ticket to join this fun and exciting learning adventure. for ages 3 to 7. encore 19.99|phantom efx reel deal slots mystic forest fantasy: the best just keeps getting better! this hot new game is busting at the seams with bonus rounds superior sound and graphics and the quality fans have come to love from phantom efx. high-level concept: the most r  17.24
0|sony sound forge audio studio 8 sound forge audio studio 8 is the professional's choice for audio editing recording effects processing streaming content creation and more. these tools make it easy to record audio on your pc. just plug a microphone or instrument into your computer's sound card set your recording levels and click record. capture instruments vocals keyboards or just about anything that can be connected to your computer's sound card input.if you want to record music edit and restore audio create streaming media and burn songs to cd sound forge audio studio software is all you need. multiple effects - effects amplitude modulation chorus delay distortion dynamics flange/wah-wah noise gate and more track at once cd burning with drag-and-drop cd extraction simple dtmf/mf synthesis with sweep express fx vinyl restoration tool real-time loop tuning window record meters and record function video and media encoding support - windows media 9 realmedia 9 quicktime 6 mpeg-1 & 2 multiple timing tools -- absolute frames measures and beats smpte ebu/film sync and more tools for acid software - create your own loops assign root notes number of beats and tempo sony pictures digital entertainment 69.99|sega 68008 phantasy star universe x360 010086680089 sega 68008 phantasy star universe x360 010086680089  29.33
0|spongebob squarepants typing 2008 win/mac spongebob squarepants typing 2008 is educational and fun for kids ages 7 and up. kids will get to play with spongebob and his friends while improving their typing skills. as typing skills grow kids also pick up nifty facts about undersea life and nautical nonsense! encore software 19.95|phase one capture-one pro dslr raw image editing software for macintosh & windows. adorama camera: please note all software cannot be returned or exchanged.  capture one is a workflow software that integrates perfectly with your dslr camera and enables full control over your images from capture to print.  a true workflow ...  399.95
0|the print shop 22 sb cs by the print shop  encore software 0|encore software 10599 - encore registry mechanic v.5.1 - complete product - utility - 1 user(s) - complete product - standard - pc encore software 10599 : pc tools registry mechanic will safely scan clean repair and optimize the windows registry with a few simple mouse clicks. now you can improve the pc's system performance and stability deeply scan and detect any errors and ...  25.97
0|findex quickverse bible study 2007 bible-suite there's a difference from reading the bible and studying the bible. quickverse bible study 2007 bible suite is a useful guide to help you get more from the bible. with a built-in translator for key hebrew and greek words you derive more meaning from the original text. new notes - note indicators now mark every position in the table of contents in all books - you'll always know note positions in every book! autosave now saves notes automatically as you move through any/all books - even if you forget custom bible views - you can now select one standard display format for all bibles advanced search engine allows you to search words/phrases/book chapter verse references greek and hebrew (including morphological searching). search one or more multiple books with combined results more high-res photos and intuitive maps findex 0|xbox 360: marvel ultimate alliance gold this game lets players control the biggest most powerful super hero alliance the world has ever known. choose from heroes like spider-man wolverine the incredible hulk and captain america to form and customize a four member strike force. then ...  59.99
0|computrace lojack for laptops: 3 year subscription with computrace lojack for laptops you'll be able to track a stolen laptop anywhere! every 53 seconds a laptop is stolen - this recovery service enables law enforcement to recover stolen laptops the minute thieves go online. you'll have information on your laptop's wherabouts as soon as it goes missing. protect your computer today with lojack for laptops. absolute software 99.99|apple mac os x v10.4 tiger software - family pack apple & mac software mac os x v10.4 tiger operating system software - five license family pack the mac os x v10.4 tiger software family pack is apple's fifth major release of the osx operating system. it includes innovations that continue to push performance and speed ...  199.95
0|h&r block taxcut 2006 premium federal h&r block taxcut premium federal has everything you need in one comprehensive program for any tax situation from 1040ez to schedule c. step-by-step interviews provide guidance customized to your unique needs. h&r block taxcut: the ease you want. the accuracy you expect. guaranteed. seamless integration find every feature and form from last year's deluxe and premium in just one program and let taxcut seamlessly import your data from last year's taxcut or turbotax as well as quicken and microsoft money. customized to your needs make the most of money-saving deductions. receive guidance on claiming dependents taking a home office deduction and much more. save money with useful tips covering charitable donations rentals dividends interest capital gains and more. backed by professionals taxcut is the only do-it-yourself tax program backed by the experienced tax professionals at h&r block america's largest tax services company. estate planning empowerment includes complimentary copy of willpower software with valuable estate planning guidance and legal documents. interactive video library make sense of changing tax laws and achieve maximum deductions. extension interview included with any federal taxcut software purchase. kiplinger's tax and financial planning library make the most of your money with tax and financial information. irs publications view the most up-to-date irs publications. schedule c features extra help with depreciation business expenses and home deductions. investor assistance quickly determine the true cost basis for stocks bonds or mutual funds and tax consequences associated with company incentives and employee stock. additional tools for home owners assistance with mortgage deductions and capital gains tax liability when selling a home. worry-free audit support features irs correspondence management h&r block will assist with all communication that is initiated by the irs/state department of revenue(s) audit preparation h&r block will provide detailed information regarding how to prepare for an audit and extend an offer for an h&r block enrolled agent to represent you in the event an audit.* audit representation an h&r block enrolled agent guides you through what to expect during the audit attends the audit with you and helps you manage the entire audit experience. worry-free audit support rest easy knowing h&r block is there to help in the event of an audit. from outlining what to expect and providing guidance on how to prepare for an audit to having an h&r block enrolled agent represent you before the irs upon your request h&r block can help you manage the process. how it works: 1. successfully e-file* your individual resident income tax return (federal or state) using taxcut or taxcut online (with paid federal return) and you are eligible to receive audit support at no additional charge for your 2005 return. 2. retain your e-file confirmation email for worry-free audit support confirmation. 3. if you receive a notice from the irs or state department of revenue or are audited h&r block will provide you with assistance with the notice and/or offer to provide you with an h&r block enrolled agent to represent you if you are audited.* 4. call 1-800-hrblock to initiate audit services that you may need. conditions apply. view the complete terms and conditions for details. questions & answers: q. can i do my taxes by hand and then sign up for worry-free audit support? a. no. h&r block worry-free audit support is only offered for returns e-filed with an h&r block digital tax product. q. who will benefit using worry-free audit support? a. those clients who want no surprises after filing their taxes. it's a smart way to make sure you're covered no matter how complex your tax situation. the benefits of worry-free audit support will be invaluable in the event that you need representation because the irs questions your tax return. q. what is an enrolled agent? a. enrolled agents are tax professionals who have demonstrated special competence in tax matters and can represent taxpayers before the irs. enrolled agents do not provide legal representation signed power of attorney required. void where prohibited. q. what are the services offered with worry-free audit support? * enrolled agents do not provide legal representation signed power of attorney required. void where prohibited. h&r block 19.99|roxio inc stopzilla 4.0 cnet editors? choice award winner! stopzilla?s true real-time protection is unbeatable. it detects and destroys spyware and pop-ups and blocks online threats including phishing attacks. stopzilla?s superior technology delivers daily updates  26.14
0|palo alto business plan pro 2007 with palo alto business plan 2007 you get the newest most complete business planning tool available all in one package. business plan pro is more than just software that creates a business plan. business plan pro is a complete business planning package that will help you improve and grow your business for years to come. view the business plan pro 2007 demo. create forecasts visually with a drag and drop graphic forecaster. the graphic forecaster is a simple and powerful tool to streamline the forecasting process. view larger. create a powerpoint presentation quickly and easily. export charts financials and text directly to powerpoint. view larger. you can't get stuck with the automatic row-by-row help system. it provides advice information and answers for every step of every spreadsheet. view larger. search for venture capital firms by location type of funding company stage and funding requirements. view larger. the business plan from start to finish business plan pro is based on a business plan format recognized by leading banks lenders investors and the small business administration (sba). business plan pro walks you through the entire planning process and generates a complete professional and ready-to-distribute plan with a proven formula for success. with the program's proprietary easyplan wizard writing a business plan is easier than ever making it a snap to get started. but creating a business plan is not just for startups. you can take your business to the next level with easy-to-use powerful plan vs. actual financial tools. you can also track your results and manage your business better by comparing your actual numbers to the figures you projected in your plan. these tools help you better manage your profits expenses and cash flow. business plan pro 2007 features an easyplan wizard asks you simple questions then determines the next steps based on your unique answers. not only does business plan pro walk you through the entire planning process with instructions throughout but you also have access to detailed examples from over 500 sample business plans from hundreds of different industries. whether you are planning a new business or simply revising your business strategy the step-by-step guides and resources will make the planning process simple and easy. every page you create is automatically organized and collated to produce a bulletproof business plan in the preferred format of banks investors and the sba that gets results. you can customize your plan by easily importing your own graphics logos photos and even fonts and layouts. once you're done it's easy to distribute your plan by exporting to microsoft word excel or powerpoint or adobe pdf. you can even upload your completed business plan to a secure password-protected web site. 500 sample business plans and 9 000 industry profiles you never have to worry about writer's block with business plan pro. with an extensive library of over 500 sample plans you can select the plan that mirrors your general business concept and use it as a guide to help you write your own. these plans can be viewed from our sample plan browser as an example while you write your plan or can be edited directly using business plan pro. you can also sort the plans by industry type view a summary paragraph of the plan and skim the plan in a printable format. in addition the program includes market research on virtually every industry so you can match your numbers to industry averages for an accurate business plan. this comprehensive collection of data is based on your standard industrial classification code (sic code) and the information is integrated automatically into your plan. need to know what others in your industry are spending? what you should spend on marketing? what is your initial cost per unit? it's all just a click away. forecast growth and get funding once the start-up wizard helps you create a foundation for your cash-flow projections business plan pro can then guide you through completing an accurate cash flow and balance sheet. this lets you make realistic projections and helps you understand when you will break even and when you will start making money. everybody knows you can't get money without a plan. business plan pro has everything you need to create a custom business plan so you can get the money needed to execute on your idea. business plan pro includes a valuable venture capital database friends and family financing guide and many sba resources. with a completely redesigned home page and an embedded business glossary that provides detailed definitions of business terms in just one-click business plan pro couldn't be easier to use. business plan pro even checks for more common errors than ever and suggests solutions. included as bonus materials with the software are two popular books -- the art of the start by best-selling author guy kawasaki and hurdle: the book on business planning by planning expert tim berry. palo alto software 99.95|apple appleworks 6.2.9 (mac) key features: for mac share documents easily six core capabilities create presentations ...  79.99
0|panda internet security 2007 3-user format: win 98 me 2000 xp panda software 69.95|chainz un-chain your mind with chainz a challenging puzzle game of colorful logic. rotate links to form chains of matching colors. set up chain reactions and incorporate bonus links for big rewards. you can play at your own pace or try and beat the clock!  7.95
0|compaq comp. rapid deployment pk-flexible lic kit ( 302127-b21 )  compaq computer 0|hp procurve mobility manager - ( v. 1.0 ) - license and media hp procurve mobility manager - ( v. 1.0 ) - license and media - 1 user - win  1537.06
0|buku karkuro if you enjoy 'sudoku' then you will go crazy for 'buku kakuro'! generate millions of logic games with the click of your mouse and decipher puzzles that vary in size and complexity. use the 'hint' function to display possible moves 'undo' to backtrack as needed and 'solve' to display answers one by one until the game is complete. a 'pen & pencil' option even lets you distinguish unsure versus certain moves! themes include tastes of the orient exotic shores and serene vista. create and solve any kakuro puzzle -- even those found online and in newspapers! you can even save and print any kakuro. topware interactive 19.99|adobe(r) photoshop(r) album 1.0 adobe photoshop album is designed for consumers who are active photo takers using digital cameras. it is an integrated solution to easily and quickly find fix share and protect their lifetime of photos. find: instead of searching through an ...  49.88
0|zend studio 5.1 (win/mac) zend studio 5 is the only integrated development environment (ide) available for professional developers that encompasses all the development components necessary for the full php application lifecycle. through a comprehensive set of editing debugging analysis optimization and database tools zend studio 5 speeds development cycles and simplifies complex projects. view your database structure and manage content with zend sql explorer advanced debugging features for local or remote php debugging manage source code effectively using cvs or subversion directly from within zend studio zend technologies inc. 299|nuance communications inc. dragon naturallyspeaking preferred edition 1-yr technical support olp - a109a-gf6-8.0   27
0|defcon defcon: global thermonuclear domination gives you the chance to manage a scenario faced in the leading generals' worst nightmare: total nuclear war. the third world war is starting and you'll manage it from a single screen. you'll attempt to destroy your enemy through all-out nuclear war while stopping them from destroying you. each side has key cities and installations and up to six superpowers can compete at the same time on the same map. encore 0|allume systems inc - stfmapbx2 - faxstf pro faxstf pro puts robust fax management at your fingertips and streamlines your most serious faxing demands. you can send and receive faxes from any application. system requirements: mac os 10.3.9 or above.  43.36
0|call of duty 2 dvd-rom (mac) call of duty 2 redefines the cinematic intensity and chaos of battle as seen through the eyes of the ordinary soldiers who fought there together. the epic wwii conflict is a sequel to call of duty and offers more immense more intense and more realistic battles than ever before. all-new enhancements deliver stunning realism and gameplay groundbreaking ai and choice-based gameplay innovations. choice-based gameplay lets you play through missions your way - individualize your tactics and play missions in the order you see fit multiplayer mayhem - go online for intense axis vs. allies team-based multiplayer action aspyr media 49.99|quark 119700 quarkxpress 6.5 mac the best creative communications software just got better. purchase quarkxpress 6.5 and save! the industry-leading software for design and layoutquarkxpress is powerful layout software with an intuitive versatile interface that lets you combine ... quark 736.99
0|microsoft crm small business ed cal 3.0 license pack user cal model- ms-cd08016wi vendor- microsoft corporation features- microsoft dynamics crm 3.0 sb edition- 20 license pack user cal this edition is designed to run on the microsoft windows small business server 2003 premium edition a complete single-server solution for small businesses that have limited it staff and resources. the microsoft crm small business edition is easy to install and maintain and offers: - new marketing automation modules for sales marketing and customer service that help a business track and record every customer contact. - advanced reporting services that help qualify leads cross-sell products and maximize sales opportunities without the need for expensive third-party reporting tools. - improved customization that enables any user to get the information he or she needs without any programming. the microsoft crm 3.0 small business edition is designed to operate on the microsoft windows small business server. it can be installed in just 10 mouse clicks and configured through an easy-to-use wizard. this edition also offers easy migration of customer information stored in microsoft office outlook with business contact manager. business moves at light speed today requiring that every company continuously reexamine direction strategies suppliers partners-- literally every variable and relationship that might lead to complacency. the intensified search for competitive advantage may mean that some of your best customers pick up and leave without you ever knowing that there was a problem. how well can you react to-- and even predict--ever-shi microsoft software 9929|microsoft(r) works suite 2006 with six great microsoft products in one affordable package microsoft works suite 2006 has something for everyone. a great home pc starter kit this suite includes:microsoft works 8encarta(r) encyclopedia standard 2006digital image standard ...  99.99
0|adobe creative suite cs3 web standard adobe creative suite 3 web standard software is the basic toolkit for web designers and developers. it offers all-new versions of fundamental tools for creating and maintaining interactive websites applications and mobile device content. prototype your projects design assets and build and maintain professional web experiences. flash cs3 professional for interactive design dreamweaver cs3 for web design and development acrobat 8 professional for adobe pdf workflows easily maintain the final project with adobe contribute cs3 build your prototype with adobe fireworks cs3 streamline web design development and maintenance adobe creative suite 3 web standard software is the basic toolkit for web designers and developers. it offers all-new versions of fundamental tools for creating and maintaining interactive websites applications and mobile device content. prototype your projects design assets and build and maintain professional web experiences. get the fundamental tools move from concept to completion with adobe creative suite 3 web standard software. design assets and build your prototype with adobe fireworks cs3 software. bring your project to life with adobe dreamweaver cs3 and adobe flash cs3 professional the preferred web design and development tools. easily maintain the final project and integrate user-generated content with adobe contribute cs3. creative suite 3 web standard combines the fundamental web tools all in one place. discover intelligent integration take advantage of tight integration between your core tools so you can forget the software and focus on the project. roundtrip editing between adobe fireworks cs3 flash cs3 and dreamweaver cs3 ensures a fluid workspace that makes it easy to move and modify assets. improved css support allows you to start your css in fireworks and easily transition to dreamweaver. dreamweaver and contribute offer improved rendering compatibility as well as new flv tools that accelerate video integration. enjoy the latest workflows use the integrated tools in creative suite 3 web standard to refine your current skill set while expanding into exciting new techniques and technologies. catch the wave of online video with sophisticated web video tools or explore new opportunities in mobile content design. reach into development with the spry framework for ajax and new actionscript 3.0 language for flash. with creative suite 3 web standard the future is yours. visually manage assets in adobe bridge test mobile designs in adobe device central top new features of adobe creative suite 3 latest versions of the best tools get the newest releases of the industry's favorite tools for web design and development. adobe creative suite 3 web standard software offers innovative new features and advanced integration across adobe dreamweaver cs3 adobe flash cs3 professional adobe fireworks cs3 and adobe contribute cs3 software. high-productivity tools turbo-charge the web design and development process. roundtrip editing between fireworks flash and dreamweaver enables speedy prototyping graphics creation and optimization. move css layouts from fireworks to dreamweaver. use contribute with dreamweaver for controlled user-based web maintenance. emerging technologies prepare for the next generation of web technology while applying best practices. create dynamic user interfaces with css and ajax add flash video incorporate new standards-based user elements and support user-generated content for dynamic experiences. creative flexibility flow through the design process quickly with new flash creative tools such as the pen tool for better control shape primitives for easily creating unique shapes and new filter effects. use advanced video exporting and encoding to create high-quality video experiences. actionscript 3.0 development go farther with actionscript 3.0 the high-performance object-oriented programming language for adobe flash player. convert animations to actionscript and explore a whole new world of customization using the rich language api libraries and expansive community support services. rapid prototyping mock up css designs in fireworks with speed and ease. a common library contains prebuilt easily accessible objects such as forms browser and os elements. apply reskinnable color weight and font elements. move designs into flash and dreamweaver or leverage an extensible api. easy web maintenance free yourself from simple web edits. with contribute cs3 enable individuals or workgroups to easily edit and publish content to websites and blogs from a controlled permissions-based application or from within microsoft applications. mobile content authoring use adobe device central cs3 to design develop preview and test content for a wide range of mobile and consumer devices. easily showcase your work in numerous mobile device skins through built-in and regularly updated device profiles. browser and platform compatibility ensure your experience is consistent across any operating system browser or platform using the new browser compatibility check in dreamweaver and the adobe css advisor website an invaluable source of user-contributed insight on css issues. macintosh or windows pick your platform. creative suite 3 web standard is available for mac os--including intel based macintosh computers--windows xp and windows vista. design in your preferred platform and then deliver across platforms with consistent results. additional features powerful integration leverage integrated workflows that enable fast efficient exchange of assets so you move from design to delivery efficiently. roundtrip editing between fireworks flash and dreamweaver enables speedy prototyping graphics creation and optimization. import files from other adobe creative tools. professional interactive design discover the powerful expressive flash authoring environment. add life to graphics with acclaimed animation tools high-quality text rendering filters and other effects and the popular flash video tools complete with alpha channel support and batch rendering. latest technologies and standards keep pace with evolving technology and standards. design with css and xml; integrate with development environments like html xhtml xml adobe coldfusion asp asp.net jsp or php; test content across myriad browsers and operating systems; and prepare for the new internet protocol version 6 (ipv6). best practices easily apply best practices of web design and development. create consistent css-based designs with the css layout and visualization tools in dreamweaver. drag and drop an xml feed onto a web page. use the industry's first integrated tool for section 508 and wcag priority 2 checkpoints. produce for today and tomorrow whether you're updating a website to support the latest standards and technologies integrating interactive video migrating to css-based designs conforming to accessibility governances or experimenting with mobile content development creative suite 3 web standard lets you get it done today yet scales to support new web or device projects in the future. adobe creative suite 3: what's in each edition? adobe creative suite 3 editions design premium design standard web premium web standard production premium master collection adobe photoshop cs3 extended adobe photoshop cs3 adobe illustrator cs3 adobe indesign cs3 adobe acrobat 8 professional adobe flash cs3 professional adobe dreamweaver cs3 adobe contribute cs3 adobe fireworks cs3 adobe after effects cs3 professional adobe premiere pro cs3 adobe soundbooth cs3 adobe encore cs3 adobe onlocation * adobe ultra cs3 * additional features and services in adobe creative suite 3 adobe bridge cs3 adobe version cue cs3 adobe device central cs3 adobe dynamic link adobe stock photos adobe acrobat connect * adobe ultra runs on microsoft windows only. for macintosh users adobe onlocation requires bootcamp and windows (purchased separately) or a separate windows-based computer. adobe 999|oscar hernandez - 320505 - salsa piano learn the essential techniques and secrets of traditional and modern salsa piano from grammy award-winner oscar hernandez. this dvd includes: full band performances of latin styles including latin jazz cha-cha-cha salsa bolero and danzon ? t  18.5
0|internet cleanup 4.0 mac os 10.4 or higher internet cleanup 4.0 mac mini box mac os 10.4 or higher smith micro software 29.99|rhf0211us red hat enterprise linux as premium support - red hat enterprise linux as for am red hat rhf0211us : usually ships in 24 hours : : red hat's support services provide flexible and cost-effective coverage for your operating infrastructure.  53937.1
0|chronos stickybrain 3.0 (mac) stickybrain 3 is the easy way to store and organize miscellaneous information thatjust doesn't fit neatly anywhere else. this third generation note manager makes it easier than ever to find and access your notes from any application. stickybrain is bound to become one of the most used and useful pieces of software on your computer. tabbed note viewing so you can keep multiple notes open in a single window alarm viewer lets you review and dismiss multiple alarms at once drag photos to notes from the built-in iphoto and clip art browser chronos l.c. 34.99|smart-sound sonicfire pro 4 corporate edition - mac os x audio software for video sonicfire pro 4 corporate edition - music scoring software for video professionals with additional strata-series music libraries - mac os x sonicfire pro 4 corporate edition from smartsound is software for video professionals who need to quickly ...  448.95
0|hoyle backgammon jc hoyle backgammon is great for players of all levels! tired of playing plain old backgammon? dive into a challenging game of backgammon and play as if you are back in the feudal era! simulating the setting of a medieval environment hoyle backgammon allows you to escape into a magical world of 16th century opponents so you build strategy & skill as you work your way through the different levels of this 5 star game - just don't get ?hit!? 10 user-selectable character opponents multiple sound/music options minimum system requirements - windows 98se/me/2000 sp4/xp (home and pro) sp1 pentiumii 233mhz 32mb ram (128mb for xp) 20mb hard disk space 4x cd-rom 8mb video ram encore 7.99|sega of america inc rome total war gold edition rome: total war gold edition brings together the multi award winning rome and critically acclaimed expension barbarian invasion. available in one great value offering this is the perfect opportunity for armchair generals to conquer and control the ...  18.77
0|suretrak project manager 3.0 communicate with professional-quality reports and graphics. suretrak project manager combines ease of use power and affordability. with suretrak you can create schedules graphically as well as point and click to create relationships between activities. it is ideal for resource planning and control on small- to medium-sized projects. primavera systems 499|01-ssc-6993 sonicwall client/server anti-virus suite - subscription license ( 3 years ) - 50 sonicwall 01-ssc-6993 : usually ships in 24 hours : : sonicwall client/server anti-virus suite leverages the award-winning mcafee netshield and groupshield applications for networks with windows -based file print and exchange servers.  3992.98
0|csi: crime scene investigation csi comes to life on your pc with all the cyber-sherlock holmes appeal fans know and love. the high production value of the game and its faithful adherence to the theme style and sound of the show prove that it is not just a crass attempt to cash in on the csi craze. as you'd expect csi is a mystery adventure game that follows the format of the csi show. you collect evidence head to the lab visit the morgue and so on. you scrutinize the game's screens looking for evidence or areas that may contain hidden clues. you can use luminal to find blood traces you can dust for prints and you can use the sniffer to get gas samples--all are familiar tools and methods used in the show. csi fans will likely intuitively know when and where to use each item while adventure game fans will delight in having such new high tech toys. csi offers five quality storylines each of which would feel at home on the show. while you don't get to fill the shoes of one of the show's well-known characters you do get to work with each of them as you progress along the csi investigative chain. show characters join you to provide hints and help you establish the motive means and opportunity needed to determine and catch the bad guy. fans of the show will forgive the short length of the game and merely adequate graphics just because of the quality storylines use of the real actors and respect shown the license. adventure game fans will also appreciate it even if they'll find it a bit too easy (it's aimed at mainstream fans more than hardcore gamers). csi brings enough true crime class to be of interest to fans and non-fans alike.--andrew s. bub pros: actors from the show voice their characters in the game pays homage and tribute to the show respects adventure game and csi fans equally cons: animation is stiff five mysteries is too few ubi soft 19.99|backyard sports: baseball 2007 for pc backyard baseball 2007 is the number one baseball video game for kids! take the field with national league mvp albert puljos and other mlb superstars as kids in backyard baseball 2007 the fifth version of the best selling kids baseball video game ...  19.99
0|jumpstart world 1st grade welcome to jumpstart world 1st grade a series of 12 adventure packs or learning units that actually progresses in response to your child's own learning pace. it's super-personalized wildly imaginative and really fun but don't let that fool you--it also teaches critical skills correlated to state standards so kids get a real jumpstart in life. the world changes with the seasons and holidays over 80 learning games and missions unique 3d design and immersive play the smart fun way to achieve 1st grade success your child will make new friends visit the learning arcades art and music studio and complete fun missions to earn their first two leadership keys. stay connected as part of your jumpstart world experience we've designed a parents corner where you can get additional tips and ideas to help your child enjoy learning even more. get educational tips and creative ideas from our monthly gurus and experts. search hundreds of parent tips to help turn everyday moments into learning opportunitites. get instant access to tips and activities that reinforce your child's learning. reward your child studies show that children learn better when parents are involved. the super gem reward store allows you to reward your child's performance with customized certificates. delight your child with rewards that only you can create. create rewards that your child can redeem: a trip to the park going out for ice cream going ice skating and many more. use our simple tool to create your own rewards to honor your child's learning achievements. get your first 2 adventure packs today: over 80 learning games and missions that teach more than 40 skills subscribe to keep the adventure going: get a new adventure pack automatically downloaded to your computer for just $7.99 each. based on your child's progress--at least one each month. 12 total adventure packs per grade. each adventure pack includes: for kids: over 40 learning games and missions over 20 skills new areas of the world to discover one new badge to earn for parents: progress report e-mails and parent tips access to the member's website and online access to educational experts access to the super gems reward center see what your child can learn in jumpstart world at the heart of the jumpstart world is the learning curriculum containing hundreds of lessons around key skills to help your child advance progressively. take a tour of the specially designed 3d world new studies show that children who learn in rich media environments retain knowledge longer. jumpstart world surrounds your child in a 3d world with learning and fun as it rewards and recognizes each achievement along the way. key features of jumpstart world: children pick a character and explore a world full of exciting places. unique 3d design and immersive play make kids feel like they're inside a world of adventure and learning. challenging missions teach math reading spelling vocabulary science art and more. kids can import photos to decorate their world. they can create billboards cards and special pictures. new lands and new challenges open up according to your child's progress. includes sing-along music videos in the art and music studio that teach phonics the karaoke way. kids earn super gems at the math and reading arcades. they can then trade in their gems for special rewards. kids earn keys on their way to becoming the ultimate jumpscout leader. the world changes with the seasons and holidays using a real-time calendar. parents receive personalized progress reports and activity tips. ages 5-7 years skills taught math: addition subtraction telling time fractions picture graphs reading: phonics consonants vowels sentences comprehension critical thinking: problem solving patterns attributes classification social skills: friendship knowledge dedication and much more! benefits empowers children to succeed builds confidence rewards achievements enhances social skills stimulates creativity engages parents research: the building blocks of jumpstart world research has shown that children's play can encourage and improve their ability to learn. jumpstart world keeps children motivated to play and to learn because jumpstart world recognizes each achievement along the way. the result is non-stop play and learning that will involve the entire family. children and technology white paper (.pdf - 84k) jumpstart world white paper (.pdf - 124k) knowledge adventure 19.99|microsoft word 2004 system requirements: g3 mac os x compatible. mac os x version 10.2 or later. 128 mb of ram. 196 mb of available hard disk space for a default installation; the hard-disk space requirement varies according to the components you choose to install and ...  209.99
0|real arcade: adventure inlay adventure inlay is brain-teasing game play that combines magic inlay and puzzle inlay. take off on a whirlwind tour in four exciting game modes: play the way you remember with all new puzzles and themes in traditional choose carefully in strategy uncover the secrets of the wild in revealer or solve challenging puzzles in enigma mode. loaded with stunning graphics and tons of brain-teasing action adventure inlay is an excursion your whole family will enjoy. let the adventure begin! activision 29.95|anti-spyware 3.0 win normal 1u - new trend micro anti-spyware 3.0 win normal 1 user - new 1u  24.99
0|vpn manager five to ten firebox watchguard vpn manager provides centralized management and monitoring tools for larger organizations with multiple fireboxes. this single application allows you graphically display the vpn tunnel status for all of your branch office and mobile user vpn tunnels and to change the security policy settings of your fireboxes and vpns with a simple point-and-click interface. centralized logging allows you to direct logs of network activity from all fireboxes to your central management location. single screen access to the livesecurity system's control center of management and monitoring tools lets you detect and quickly troubleshoot any problems with the tunnels. this centralized security and vpn management tool can be used with any combination of firebox ii fastvpn firebox ii plus firebox ii firebox soho and firebox telecommuter models. by clicking on a visualized tunnel you can access the tunnel properties for the vpns created between your headquarters firebox ii and any firebox telecommuter or firebox soho. watchguard technologies inc 1995|wheel of fortune(r) now youere in the game! bring vanna white fun puzzles and all the glittering sets of wheel of fortune into your home! spin for fantastic prizes solve the puzzles and hear the studio audience go wild. it is all the action that makes wheel of ...  19.99
0|corel dvd moviefactory 6.0 plus ulead dvd moviefactory 6 plus is the award-winning consumer dvd authoring package. it's the first consumer entry-level product to offer hd dvd burning capability. capture digital media from numerous sources to create artistic original-looking video and slideshow discs. its easy-to-use storyboard and timeline editing tools help you personalize titles music and other project elements. with the enhanced edit room users can polish camcorder footage for more professional home movies. dvd moviefactory 6 plus supports all of the latest industry formats -- import edit and convert hdv divx or avchd and output in hd dvd blu-ray or traditional dvd-video. it even has a complete set of tools for burning to cd dvd hd dvd and blu-ray disc. breathe new life into videos photos and create hollywood-style menu motion effects - ulead dvd moviefactory 6 plus does more than make it possible. it makes it easy. overlay frames and objects in different tracks make mixed-media clipshows by combining video clips and photos on the timeline capture and edit hdv as easily as working with standard dv auto subtitles - select video file name date time and exif (photo) data as a subtitle track rotate stretch and angle menu motion buttons to fit into frames or other background elements customize your slideshows with pan & zoom supports 16 - 9 widescreen pc monitors open and import hd dvd folders and burn them to disc secure burning - users can password-protect videos photos documents and any other data from unauthorized access output to hd dvd-r/rw & blu-ray corel 79.99|spectrasonics sample dvd: ethno techno sage xpander sounds for software sample dvd: ethno techno - sage xpander for rmx virtual instrument sage xpanders are additional groove libraries that can be added to the already enormous base library of spectrasonic's stylus rmx virtual instrument. ethno techno from ilio features ...  98.95
0|adobe dreamweaver cs3 upgrade note: this is the upgrade version of adobe dreamweaver cs3. design develop and maintain websites and web applications--from start to finish--with adobe dreamweaver cs3 upgrade software. built for designers and developers dreamweaver cs3 offers both a visual layout interface and a streamlined coding environment. intelligent integration with related adobe software ensures an efficient workflow across your favorite tools. dreamweaver cs3 offers both a visual layout interface and a streamlined coding environment. easily set up css layouts such as the three-column layout with header and footer using the new document dialog box. the css layout-visualization feature helps you keep track of complex nesting schemes in your web pages. with dreamweaver cs3 you can easily copy and paste images from photoshop and fireworks and later edit them in the original software. adobe device central lets you preview how your web pages will look on mobile devices. the spry framework for ajax lets you add user interface components such as the expandable areas seen in the event information (open) and event directions (closed) regions here. create rich web content a higher standard in web design and development is emerging powered by dreamweaver cs3. create rich dynamic interfaces that tightly weave static structures together with responsive interactivity. use the new spry framework for ajax to develop energetic web experiences that will leave your competition standing still. in other words think deep dream big and then execute flawlessly with the most exciting web design and development tool we've ever devised. maximize efficiency accelerate your workflow with dreamweaver cs3 a faster smoother version of the preferred web design and development tool. drop in flv files add images from adobe photoshop and test your content for mobile devices. create visually or code directly work on your choice of macintosh or windows and enjoy the benefits of intelligent integration with other adobe tools. apply best practices dreamweaver cs3 makes it easy to apply best practices and accepted standards to ensure your websites and applications play well with others. build css-based websites from the ground up with new css layouts the unified css panel and css visualization and management tools. ensure more reliable and consistent performance with the new browser compatibility check. instantly preview your content for pcs mobile devices and print and find fast solutions to browser-specific css issues with the new css advisor website. audience benefit web designers--discover an exceptional web design workflow with adobe dreamweaver cs3 software. design and maintain websites from start to finish with your choice of either a powerful visual design interface or an efficient coding environment. streamline design with helpful css features; preview your pages for pcs mobile devices and print; and easily test pages for browser compatibility. enjoy tight integration with adobe photoshop cs3 flash cs3 professional fireworks cs3 and other adobe tools. web developers--develop more reliable consistent web applications based on universally accepted development standards with adobe dreamweaver cs3. take advantage of support for leading web development technologies including php adobe coldfusion and ajax for both internal and external projects. ensure consistency with helpful css features and automated cross-browser compatibility testing. comments embedded in the code offer tips about how to work with css. top reasons to buy adobe dreamweaver cs3 industry-leading tool take advantage of all the flexibility and power of a world-class web design tool. manipulate pixel-perfect designs in design view craft complex code in code view or do a little of each. work the way you work best. integrated workflows design develop and maintain content within dreamweaver cs3 while taking advantage of intelligent integration with other adobe tools including adobe flash cs3 professional adobe fireworks cs3 adobe photoshop cs3 adobe contribute cs3 and new adobe device central cs3 for creating mobile device content. complete css support discover the advantage of visual css tools that make it easy to view edit and move styles within and between files as well as see how your changes will affect the design. accelerate your workflow with new css layouts and test your design with the new browser compatibility check. integrated coding environment organize and accelerate your coding with code collapse color coding line numbering and a coding toolbar with comment/uncomment and code snippets. apply code hints for html and server languages. support for leading technologies take advantage of support for leading web development technologies including html xhtml css xml javascript ajax php adobe coldfusion asp asp.net and jsp. effortless xml quickly integrate xml content using either xsl or the spry framework for ajax. point to an xml file or xml feed url and dreamweaver cs3 will display its contents enabling you to drag and drop appropriate fields onto your page. adobe flash video support easily add flash video to your web pages in just five clicks with no knowledge of flash required. customize the video environment to match your website. learning resources learn as you go with comprehensive in-product tutorials reference content and instructional templates that make it easy to expand your skill set and adopt the latest technologies. extended dreamweaver community enjoy all the benefits of the extensive dreamweaver community including the online adobe design center and adobe developer center training and seminars developer certification programs user forums and more than 1 000 downloadable extensions available in the dreamweaver exchange. cross-platform support pick your platform: dreamweaver cs3 is available for intel or powerpc based macintosh computers as well as for windows xp and windows vista systems. design in your preferred platform and then deliver across platforms with more reliable consistent and high-performance results. browser compatibility check identifies css-related issues in different operating systems. additional features browser compatibility check save time and ensure a more consistent experience across browsers and operating systems with the new browser compatibility check. generate reports that identify css-related issues in a variety of browsers without needing to launch the browsers. css management easily move css code from inline to head from head to external sheet from document to document or between external sheets. cleaning up existing css in older pages has never been easier. css layouts easily incorporate css into your project with the new css layouts. extensive comments in each template explain the layout so beginning and intermediate designers can learn quickly. each template can be customized for your project. spry data integrate data into web pages using xml from an rss feed or a database. integrated data can be easily sorted and filtered. spry widgets easily add common interface components such as lists tables tabs form validation and repeatable regions to web pages with widgets from the spry framework for ajax. spry effects easily add visual transitions to page elements to make them grow shrink fade highlight and more with the spry effects for ajax. adobe 199|adobe after effects professional 7 software for windows effects software after effects professional 7 software for windows the after effects professional 7.0 software for windows from adobe is a powerful 2d and 3d compositing software suite. it features hundreds of effects and animation presets to bring a new dimension ...  999
0|jumpstart 4th-6th grade v 2.0 b43  knowledge adventure 19.99|wg017196 watchguard webblocker - subscription license ( 1 year ) - 1 device - win watchguard technologies wg017196 : usually ships in 24 hours : : leaving network users free to roam the internet can cost your organization thousands of dollars in lost productivity reduced bandwidth usage and at worst increased legal liability.  92.8
0|bias deck le 3.5 macintosh cd if you want to record music and audio like a pro - but don't feel like breaking the bank - we've got some great news for you: deck 3.5 le!deck 3.5 le turns your mac into a full-fledged recording studio. you can easily record up to 12 tracks with full cd quality. edit your work instantly (while always being able to revert to your original recordings) process your tracks using eq and other built-in digital signal processing and even play back midi files in perfect sync. when you're done recording you can mix it all down using deck 3.5 le's virtual mixing console.deck 3.5 le is everything you need and then some. sure you could always take a few months to learn some other multitrack software or buy a complicated (and expensive) hardware recorder. but no other solution is as easy to use and as fast to learn or is more compatible with so many audio interfaces. bias 99|backyard soccer mls edition now kids will get a chance to play alongside junior versions of his/her favorite professional soccer heroes! players can choose from all 12 mls team names and logos.  8.95
0|total training for adobe creative suite 3: design premium bundle  total training 299.99|qb credit card kit 3.0 quickbooks credit card kit v3.0 (2007) intuit 25.99
0|ideasoft photo clip art 10 000 stand out from the crowd with 10 000 unique photo images! these bright bold and brilliant photos come with solid changeable backgrounds making them as easy to use as clip art. from bananas to banjos cars to children dogs to ducks - there's a photo clip art image for every project! nova development 0|sony vegas 6 video editing software professional editing software vegas 6 video editing software - hd video and audio production software installation cd-rom only; does not include box or manuals. computers & solutions>computer media solutions>professional editing software sony sony sv 6000 dvd 855309834869 vegas ...  99
0|galaxy of games 5000 galaxy of games 1001 is egames biggest collection of games ever! choose from a wide variety of exciting categories including arcade casino puzzle card word games and more. choose from a wide selection of card games including: mahjongg bingo backgammon reversi. and many more! 2k games 19.99|adobe 22011152 audition2 win retail ue 1u audition2 win retail ue 1u  296.2
0|jumpstart world 2nd grade welcome to jumpstart world 2nd grade a series of 12 adventure packs or learning units that actually progresses in response to your child's own learning pace. it's super-personalized wildly imaginative and really fun but don't let that fool you--it also teaches critical skills correlated to state standards so kids get a real jumpstart in life. new areas of the world to discover over 90 learning games and missions kids can import photos to decorate their world the smart fun way to achieve 2nd grade success calling all heroes...jumpstart world needs your child! a mysterious villain called color meister has removed the color from camp jumpstart! to bring the color back your child earns the shield of training and shield of challenge by playing learning games and completing the color meister's challenges. your child will make new friends and visit new places all on the way to becoming a true hero. stay connected as part of your jumpstart world experience we've designed a parents corner where you can get additional tips and ideas to help your child enjoy learning even more. get educational tips and creative ideas from our monthly gurus and experts. search hundreds of parent tips to help turn everyday moments into learning opportunitites. get instant access to tips and activities that reinforce your child's learning. reward your child studies show that children learn better when parents are involved. the super gem reward store allows you to reward your child's performance with customized certificates. delight your child with rewards that only you can create. create rewards that your child can redeem: a trip to the park going out for ice cream going ice skating and many more. use our simple tool to create your own rewards to honor your child's learning achievements. get your first 2 adventure packs today: over 90 learning games and missions that teach more than 50 skills subscribe to keep the adventure going: get a new adventure pack automatically downloaded to your computer for just $7.99 each. based on your child's progress--at least one each month. 12 total adventure packs per grade. each adventure pack includes: for kids: over 45 learning games and missions over 25 skills new areas of the world to discover one new badge to earn for parents: progress report e-mails and parent tips access to the member's website and online access to educational experts access to the super gems reward center see what your child can learn in jumpstart world at the heart of the jumpstart world is the learning curriculum containing hundreds of lessons around key skills to help your child advance progressively. take a tour of the specially designed 3d world new studies show that children who learn in rich media environments retain knowledge longer. jumpstart world surrounds your child in a 3d world with learning and fun as it rewards and recognizes each achievement along the way. key features of jumpstart world: children pick a character and explore a world full of exciting places. unique 3d design and immersive play make kids feel like they're inside a world of adventure and learning. challenging missions teach math reading spelling vocabulary science art and more. kids can import photos to decorate their world. they can create billboards cards and special pictures. new lands and new challenges open up according to your child's progress. kids visit the science lab where they can watch cool movies from jpl (nasa). play fun games with jumpstart characters like treasure hunting with pierre. complete color meister's puzzles and challenges to bring the color back to jumpstart world. kids earn super gems at the math and reading arcades. they can then trade in their gems for special rewards. kids earn shields on their way to becoming a true hero. the world changes with the seasons and holidays using a real-time calendar. parents receive personalized progress reports and activity tips. ages 6-8 years skills taught math: addition subtraction money fractions tally charts time reading: parts of speech comprehension antonyms word building critical thinking: problem solving patterns attributes classification social skills: preparations perseverance cooperation and much more! benefits empowers children to succeed builds confidence rewards achievements enhances social skills stimulates creativity engages parents research: the building blocks of jumpstart world research has shown that children's play can encourage and improve their ability to learn. jumpstart world keeps children motivated to play and to learn because jumpstart world recognizes each achievement along the way. the result is non-stop play and learning that will involve the entire family. children and technology white paper (.pdf - 84k) jumpstart world white paper (.pdf - 124k) knowledge adventure 19.99|encore software 10444 - elementary school advantage 2007 sb cs by encore encore software 10444 : elementary school advantage 2007 sb cs by encore - 10444 specifications : manufacturer : encore inc manufacturer part number : 10444  25.97
0|intervideo windvd 8 gold windvd 8 gold gives you the best in digital entertainment experiences. watch dvds or video files on your big-screen hdtv with immersive surround sound in all popular formats. enjoy virtual surround sound from just two speakers or headphones. customize playback with rich audio and video effects. for example speed up playback to match your flight time with timestretch - so you don't miss the ending! match the color of the player with your desktop theme. instantly pause and hide your movie with the boss key! intervideo 49.99|printshop home & office labels from mailing labels to cds stickers and more easily design your own colorful custom labels for every need. simply pick a template then personalize with lively graphics stylish fonts - even your favorite photos.  8.95
0|adventure workshop 1st-3rd grade 8th edition  encore 19.99|individual software prm-xw3 professor teaches excel & word professor teaches excel & word prm-xw3 individual software individual software 24.99
0|matchbox cross-town heroes a fireworks factory is in flames. animals flee from the zoo. mischief and mayhem are popping up all over matchbox county. something must be done--and fast! in matchbox cross-town heroes kids take the wheel of their favorite matchbox vehicles and head into an intense interactive world filled with action and adventure. race to the rescue in six original matchbox vehicles including the fire crusher rescue net police suv airport fire pumper and more. interact with more than 50 different characters animals and creatures all with their own unique animations. complete an array of missions to earn hero awards unlock new vehicles and even earn one of three printable heroic certificates. plus if you're really good 12 bonus action games can be unlocked to extend the matchbox play. thq 19.99|sony creative software sound forge audio studio v.8.0 complete product ecost.com: sony creative software sound forge audio studio v.8.0 - complete product - music editing/composing - 1 user - complete product - academic - pc from the graphics & development software department  46.47
0|age of empires iii: the warchiefs expansion pack (mac) age of empires iii: the war chiefs is the new expansion pack for the best-selling real-time strategy title of 2005. lead one of three proud native american civilizations - the iroquois confederacy sioux nation and aztecs - to expand their empires and fight for control of the americas. lead the proud playable native civilizations to expand their empire and fight to rule two continents. there are many ways to play age of empires iii. play against the computer on random maps. play multiplayer against friends online or play the campaign in which you take the role of morgan black and his descendants as they struggle against the hostile wilderness help the aztecs resist the spanish conquistadors pit the french against the british and help simon bolivar lead revolutions in south america. system requirements - macintosh computer with a g4/g5 or intel processor running at 1.4ghz or faster mac os x v10.3.9 or higher 512mb ram 64 mb video card (with support for hardware t & l). 56k dial-up internet access or lan for online play destineer 34.95|avery c32040 business card kit containing 10 sheets of c32016 business cards... design and print your own business cards for a professional image and presentationavery c32016 quick & clean business cards manufactured from 220gsm card for use with colour laser inkjet and copier machinessimply add graphics and print. no ...  14.51 gbp
0|pcdefense pcdefense protects you from: spyware - spyware scan removes the spyware that's compromising your privacy right now spyalarm blocks new spyware threats before they transmit your personal information to online criminals keyloggers: keylogger prevention stops malicious keyloggers from invading your privacy and stealing your identity rootkits: rootkit scan identifies hidden files and processes that are undetectable by conventional security suites viruses: virus scan delivers on-demand web-based scanning tools that are constantly updated protecting you against the latest virus threats system failure: recover from a catastrophic attack rootkit infestation or system failure using disaster recovery. disaster recovery restores your entire system - files settings and programs avanquest software 29.95|encore software 10673 - hoyle casino 2007 - win 98 me 2000 xp encore software 10673 : hoyle casino the best-selling casino game of all time offers excitement and challenge with over 500 variations of 16 of the most popular casino games. system requirements: windows 98se/me/2000 sp4/xp (home & pro) sp1 ...  18.97
0|spy sweeper [lb] spy sweeper 4.5 defends your pc and your personal information from the fast-growing threats to privacy you'll encounter online! whenever you download something online you risk infection with spyware. chances are your computer is already infected putting your confidential information and your computer's performance at risk. spy sweeper blocks spyware downloads keeping you one step ahead of the spies and marketers. webroot software 29.99|absolute software lfl-n2-36 - computrace lojack for laptops - 3 year license (win 2000 xp) absolute software lfl-n2-36 : computrace lojack for laptops is a software-enabled recovery service that allows law enforcement to recover stolen laptops. if your laptop is stolen and isn't recovered within 30 days we will refund your purchase of ...  85.97
0|totally spies: total swamp romp (pc & mac) in totally spies you'll control the girls of woohp: the world organization of human protection. just like in the cartoons you'll lead these beverly hills girls on a mission to stop a global crisis. infiltrate chemical sites pursue criminals on a snow bike save hostages and protect celebrities -- all without breaking a nail. brighter minds media inc. 19.99|vitec multimedia mpeg toolbox-2 toolbox2 software authoring software mpeg toolbox-2 software vitec's mpeg toolbox-2 software allows you to transform your avi files into a complete mpeg encoding and editing solution. no special mpeg hardware is required. all you need is the software. computers & solutions>computer ...  149.95
0|microsoft visual studio team edition for software developers 2005 with msdn premium today's software systems comprise numerous distributed services spanning platforms protocols programming languages and even geographies. successful deployment of modern solutions depends on bridging the communication gap between development and operations so that the entire it department is represented early and often throughout the software lifecycle. microsoft visual studio team edition for software developers 2005 with msdn premium provides advanced development tools that enable teams to incorporate quality early and often throughout the development life cycle. the data that visual studio team system collects from the on-chip performance counters describes how your code behaves at its lowest level -- literally how the machine code is performing. view larger. visual studio team system helps you collect event trace for windows event data from a number of different providers. this detailed information helps you correlate the behavior of your application with its effect on the system. view larger. you can view the source code from any view that visual studio team system offers for the performance data collected about your application. view larger. featuring performance analysis tools that allow developers to measure evaluate and target performance-related issues in their code team edition for software developers can save time and resources and significantly improve quality by helping identify performance bottlenecks early on. (team edition for software developers can be purchased separately or as part of the visual studio team suite 2005 suite of programs.) team edition for software developers enables advanced developers to verify the performance and quality of the code they write. by integrating advanced tools into the visual studio ide team edition for software developers assists developers in detecting coding and security related issues earlier in the development cycle thereby reducing the overall cost of fixing code defects. in addition code analysis tools can be used as a part of the check-in policy for a nightly build process enabling development teams to correct defects before code is checked into the source tree. performance analysis tools allow developers to measure evaluate and target performance-related issues in their code providing the capability for developers to perform unit tests on their code modules during development. featuring a world-class development environment built on top of visual studio 2005 professional edition team edition for software developers consists of three main areas -- powerful tools tight integration and team collaboration. team edition for software developers offers developers access to the same advanced tools that microsoft uses to develop its desktop applications for code analysis performance profiling and verification. by integrating quality and verification tools in the development lifecycle developers can be more productive detect code defects earlier and decrease the time to deliver. team edition for software developers is tightly integrated within the visual studio 2005 team system thereby allowing enterprise developers as part of a productive development team to reduce the complexity of development and facilitate better communication and collaboration throughout the development process. by integrating all tasks within the visual studio ide sharing information between teams and roles has never been easier or more efficient. team edition for software developers also allows users come up to speed with the products quickly without the need for excessive expensive and time-consuming training and learning. tighter integration promotes better collaboration between it operations and application development resulting in greater business efficiencies and a more predictable development process. other advanced features include integrated static analysis tools for early detection of security and performance problems; automatic unit test generation for entire namespaces classes or individual methods; profiling tools for analyzing the performance and efficiency of running code; and visual studio 2005 team explorer for accessing all services and artifacts stored in visual studio team foundation server. msdn premium subscriptions team edition for software developers includes an msdn premium subscription. an msdn premium subscription provides continuous priority access to the technologies you need to support team edition for software developers and build a broad range of applications and web services including the latest versions of windows server 2003 windows 2000 server windows 2000 professional windows 2000 advanced server windows xp professional edition windows xp home edition and future windows releases. (usage rights are limited to development and testing only.) with the subscription your technical support includes unlimited usage of msdn managed newsgroups for online support with a guaranteed response time of two business days phone-based support incidents and free access to msdn online concierge for nontechnical questions regarding navigation of the msdn site knowledge base article searches and msdn subscriber downloads. also continuously updated technical content is available through the msdn library which offers comprehensive programming information code samples sample applications technical documentation and articles and the microsoft developer knowledge base. microsoft 5479|encore software 10565 - hoyle card games 2007 - win 98 me 2000 xp encore software 10565 : enjoy all your favorite card games from hoyle the official name in gaming. includes over 70 card games and the official rules. system requirements: windows 98se/me/2000 sp4/xp sp1* pentium ii 300mhz 128mb ram 8x cd-rom ...  18.97
0|ubi soft star wars activity center ( windows ) bring the force home with the star wars activity center. stand with master obi-wan kenobi and his apprentice anakin skywalker and all the other memorable characters from star wars episode iii: revenge of the sith. turn your computer and printer into a home printing studio! ubi soft 29.99|listen for ipod - magnetic time (win 2000 xp) listen for ipod allows you to listen to your emails and documents on your ipod using new natural voice technology. knowledge without effort!system requirements:intel pentium ii 350 mhz minimum 128 mb ram 150 mb available hard disk space ms windows ...  39.99
0|aircraft collector's second edition 20 aircraft of all types for fsx and fs2004 commercial & regional corporate & private general aviation military abacus 19.95|mas 90(r) /mas 200(r) compatible continuous checks compatible with mas 90(r) and mas 200(r) software.check size: 9 1/2 x 7in..  91.59
0|compaq comp. secure path v3.0c-netware wrkgrp 50 lic ( 231327-b22 )  compaq computer 0|lock on - modern air combat feel the power of commanding a modern jet fighter! filled with intense campaigns realistic flight modeling and flexible game options lock on will provide unlimited game play action to both novice and veteran flight sim fans. includes 20 single ...  7.49
0|age of mythology (mac) in age of mythology you'll take charge in an era where military strength and the favor of the gods was all-important! gorgeous in-game cinematics develop a deep and immersive tale of honor and revenge macsoft 19.99|pinnacle mobile media organizer software for windows ipod software mobile media organizer software for windows the mobile media organizer software for windows from pinnacle allows you to organize your digital media library. the software allows you to import manage and export digital media for use on your portable ...  39.95
0|scrabble play against one of eight challenging computer opponents or take on your friends and family in four different game modes. play the way you remember in classic mode race against the clock in blitz climb to the top in a tournament or set up a custom tournament and play scrabble your way! play against a friend or a computer opponent with ai designed by real scrabble champions. destineer 24.99|phase one capture one pro capture one db & pro: phase one p 45 / p 30 / p 25 / p 20 / h 25 / h 20 / h 10 / h 101 / h 5 / lightphase capture one pro & le: canon 1ds mkii / 1d mkii / 1d mkii n /1ds / 1d / 5d / 20d / 10d / 300d / 350d / d60 / d30 / pro 1 / g6 / g5 / g3 / g2 ...  415.99
0|instant architect design suite instant architect design suite (win 98 me nt 2000 xp) imsi design 29.99|aspyr prey minimum system requirements: operating system: mac os x 10.3.9 or later cpu processor: powerpc g5 or intel chipset cpu speed: 1.8 ghz memory: 512 mb or higher hard disk space: 2.5gb free disk space video card (ati): radeon 9600 video card (nvidia): ...  47.99
0|instant landscaping 3.0 [lb] instant landscape design 3.0 is the perfect tool for creating the perfect garden yard or landscape. draw the perfect geataway filled with flowers and foliage -- embellish it with pathsways and fences then take a gudied tour through your special place in gorgeous 3d. drag and drop plant life into your landscape then visualize growth to see how they'll look with age set up privacy picket or ranch fences split-rail fences and multiple gates place hundreds of clip-art exterior items into your completed landscape design elevation tool for placing one object on top of another walk-through & fly-around tools for touring your new property in gorgeous 3d topics entertainment 19.99|symantec antivirus (v10.2) sbs for workstations/ network servers 5-user - symant symantec antivirus corporate edition combines industry-leading real-time malware protection for enterprise workstations andnetwork servers with graphical web-based reporting and centralizedmanagement and administration capabilities. 11850336  178.72 gbp
0|intellimover transfer your pc deluxe intellimover deluxe simplifies pc file migration saving you time and eliminating frustration. transfer customized settings preferences data files email and more from an old pc to a new pc -- more easily than you ever imagined. instantly gets your new pc files up and running so you can start working immediately nova development 69.99|play music together dvd by iplaymusic mac featured songs: if you're happy and you know it the wheels on the bus he's got the whole world in his hands i've been working on the railroad the crawdad song abc song / twinkle twinkle little star medley system requirements: macintosh computer with ...  32.99
0|vpn client software 5 users 5 user(s) standard pc d-link systems inc. 0|acid music studio 6 make your music more professional and more powerful!  59.95
0|adobe fireworks cs3 [mac] accelerate web design and development with adobe fireworks cs3 software the ideal tool for creating and optimizing images for the web and rapidly prototyping websites and web applications. fireworks cs3 offers the flexibility to edit both vector and bitmap images a common library of prebuilt assets and timesaving integration with adobe photoshop cs3 adobe illustrator cs3 adobe dreamweaver cs3 and adobe flash cs3 professional software. new adobe fireworks cs3 dramatically accelerates web prototyping and web image design. rapidly prototype and design for the web new adobe fireworks cs3 dramatically accelerates web prototyping and web image design. enjoy timesaving enhancements new prototyping tools and impressive integration with adobe photoshop cs3 adobe illustrator cs3 adobe dreamweaver cs3 adobe flash cs3 professional and adobe flex software. new in fireworks cs3 new macintosh and windows os support design and develop on the platform of your choice. adobe fireworks cs3 is available for powerpc and intel based macintosh computers as well as windows xp and windows vista systems. efficient adobe photoshop and adobe illustrator integration import photoshop (psd) files while retaining hierarchical layers layer effects and blend modes. save fireworks (png) files back into photoshop (psd) format. import illustrator (ai) files while retaining graphic integrity including layer group and color information. hierarchical layer organization organize and manage your prototypes with a new hierarchical layer structure which is similar to the one in adobe photoshop that enables you to easily organize web layers and pages. intelligent scaling intelligently scale buttons and graphic symbols (in vector or bitmap) with 9-slice scaling. combine 9-slice scaling with the new auto shape library to accelerate website and application prototyping. multipage support use the new pages panel to create multiple pages in a single document (png file) and share layers across multiple pages. each page can contain its own slices layers frames animations and canvas settings making it easy to simulate website flow in a prototype. ria layout prototyping prototype layouts for rich internet applications in fireworks and then export them directly to adobe flex while retaining absolute positioning and styling. customizable assets jump-start your prototyping with a common library of frequently used graphic symbols text symbols and animations. use the new symbol properties panel to customize symbol attributes. adobe photoshop blend modes customize the appearance of your images with seven popular blend modes from adobe photoshop: dissolve linear burn linear dodge vivid light linear light pin light and hard mix. adobe bridge integration enjoy a more efficient workflow with adobe bridge which offers central access to project files and batch processing that can include multiple adobe applications. streamlined adobe dreamweaver and adobe flash integration copy any object in fireworks cs3 and paste it directly into dreamweaver cs3. create pop-up menus that can be saved as css and html. export fireworks (png) files directly to flash cs3 while maintaining vectors bitmaps animations and multistates and then edit in flash cs3. additional features vector and bitmap editing create and edit vector and bitmap images and import and edit native adobe photoshop and adobe illustrator files. image optimization optimize graphics for virtually any delivery scenario with preview cross-platform gamma preview selective jpeg compression and a wide range of export controls. filter effects apply lighting effects shadow effects styles and blend modes including seven new blend modes from photoshop to add depth and character to text and symbols. common library jump-start your prototyping with a common library of graphic symbols text symbols and animations frequently used in web applications forms interfaces and websites. adobe 299|fogware hyb art dvd works with ipod 5g & ipod nano windows: windows 2000 or xp dvd drive itunes 7 or later quicktime 7.1.1 or later. no installation necessary. mac: mac os x dvd drive itunes 7 or later quicktime 7.1.1 or later. no installation necessary.  21.99
0|wavelab studio 6 wavelab studio 6 combines state-of-the-art audio technology from the award-winning wavelab 6 with a streamlined workflow and a full complement of editing and mastering features targeted at project studios and aspiring musicians. it includes the same sample accurate 32-bit audio engine and a wide range of advanced tools with the pristine audio quality originally engineered for top mastering and editing professionals in wavelab 6. the studio version provides many of its next-generation features and capabilities to make it one of the worlds best editing and mastering solutions in its price range. steinberg media technologies 399.99|print workshop 2007 (pc) valusoft key features: photo editing burn photo cds and dvds scrapbooks and projects improved web publishing ...  19.99
0|boomerang webshop platinum webshop platinum offers you the most in web authoring system software. create an e-commerce web site in no time without technical training. webshop platinum offers everything you need: a fully featured site manager store templates database import wizards html themes and styles thumbnail photo viewer free-form page design and more. all the sophistication you need in a simple and easy to use program. it's the most complete and affordable e-commerce solution around! page hit reporting site archive and rollback & free web hosting test account boomerang 0|microsoft powerpoint 2004 software - mac apple & mac software powerpoint 2004 presentation software - mac the powerpoint 2004 presentation software for mac from microsoft offers mac users the industry standard powerpoint tools to create business presentations. use powerpoint to craft presentations with rich ...  228.95
0|ca brightstor arcserve backup r11.1 for netware tape library option - service pack arcserve bkup r11.1 nw tlo sp1- prod only computer associates 0|freeverse software 5003 bumpercar 2.0 mac web browser the mac os x web browser just for kids. offering unparalleled content-control & customization features bumpercar is the most powerful web browser for concerned educators & parents on the macintosh. keep your kids safe while they surf the net! ... freeverse software 28.99
0|quickbooks credit card processing kit 3.0 quickbooks credit card processing kit is the low-cost easy way to accept all major credit cards using your computer. it's a low-cost solution without long-term contracts or commitments. start accepting credit cards easily and inexpensively. there are no set-up fees no monthly minimum payments no terminals to lease or purchase and no long-term contracts. accept payments any time anywhere: process transactions from a pc with an internet connection or call for a voice authorization. accept all major credit cards: the quickbooks credit card processing kit is compatible with visa mastercard american express discover diners club/carte blanche and jcb. create customized estimates and invoices: easily enter payment data into the payments screen or sales receipts screens. bill your customers regularly and track payments: each month you'll receive a statement with your account activity. funds are usually released within two to three business days. 27/7/365 live support and intuit's satisfaction guarantee: call any to speak with a live support agent who can walk you through the process step-by-step. if you're not satisfied return the product within 60 days with a dated receipt for a full refund of the purchase price. intuit 39.95|902453-006-g rumba unix-hp edition - ( v. 7.3 ) - upgrade license - 1 user - volume - level g netmanage 902453-006-g : usually ships in 24 hours : : the rumba product family provides users secure access to mission-critical applications and data residing on virtually any host system from the latest windows desktops including windows xp and ...  93.66
0|police quest compilation special limited edition with 4 products in one box! product information it doesn't get more real than this.&nbsp; police quest's four action-packedstories throw you instantly into a cop's daily life.&nbsp; investigatehomicides.&nbsp; foil drug rings.&nbsp; track down a serial killer.&nbsp; formerlapd chief daryl gates is on hand with real-world experience. the closest experience to being vivendi games 19.99|mcafee total protection 2007 for small business adv. w/1yr gold maintenance 5- mcafee total protection with siteadvisor is the final word in pc and internet security. it provides the most comprehensive and complete security when you're online no matter whether you're wired or wireless surfing the web shopping banking ...  215.5
0|cisco security server agent for windows and solaris - license - 100 agents - win solaris ( csa-b100-srvr-k9 ) the next-generation cisco security agent network security software provides threat protection for server and desktop computing systems also known as endpoints. the cisco security agent goes beyond conventional endpoint security solutions by identifying and preventing malicious behavior before it can occur thereby removing potential known and unknown security risks that threaten enterprise networks and applications. because the cisco security agent analyzes behavior rather than relying on signature matching its solution provides robust protection with reduced operational costs. as recent high-visibility attacks like code red and the sql slammer worm have shown traditional technologies are limited in their abilities to combat the effects of new and evolving attacks. customers require host security that protects throughout all stages of an attack and provides important protection against new and unknown threats. assaults on network systems typically go through stages. cisco recognizes that only a layered approach is effective against security breaches that can occur at any stage from beyond the perimeter to the server or at the file level. the cisco security agent proactively defends against damage to a host throughout all stages of the attack whereas other technologies provide early-stage protection and only then when a signature is known. the cisco security agent is specifically designed to protect against new attacks where there is no known signature. the cisco security agent consists of a management console resident on a server and host-based agents that are deployed on mission-critical desktops and servers. the agents use the http and secure sockets layer (ssl) protocols (128-bit ssl) for the management interface and for the communications between agents and the management console. cisco systems - enterprise 0|student dictionary expand your vocabulary while you increase your comprehension with snap! student dictionary. with its expansive database and effective use of graphics it is high-definition reference software for home and school!  8.95
0|ultra sudoku/ultra kakuro ultra sudoku/kakuro prepares you for hours and hours of puzzle fun! sudoku is a challenging number puzzle where you'll have to arrange the number from 0 to 9 in the proper order. kakuro is sudoku's big brother -- you'll have to arrange cross sums so that they fit the grid. challenge your brain with this popular set of puzzles! abacus 29.95|panda software truprevent corporate 2006 501-1k 2yr - b2prse6f   21
0|trudy's time and place house ages 3-6  ibm 0|yamaha - 501253 - sue downs - sue's noodles the debut collection in yamaha's exciting new hospitality software series this disk features the ?noodling? of lovely and talented pianist sue downs as she stretches out playing 15 different styles.  22.13
0|ca arcserve bkup r11.1/nw stor area netw (san) opt prod only arcserve bkup r11.1/nw stor area netw (san) opt prod only computer associates 0|zoboomafoo animal logic with workbook combo join zoboomafoo chris kratt martin kratt and all of their creature neighbors as they teach your child kindergarten skills. combining computer learning with traditional print workbooks your child will have a learning experience that is ...  9.95
0|freestyle street basketball play the pick-up game of your dreams in freestyle street basketball. get dressed hook up the tunes and head to the park for fast-paced online community basketball. challenge friends in a dynamic pick-up game environment featuring cutting-edge music fashions and gravity defying basketball moves. there are 45 levels of gameplay and millions of different character customization options. in freestyle players get to choose and change their look anytime while also defining the basketball skills they want to use in each game -- all for no monthly fee! easy to play - all the dynamic moves in freestyle can be accomplished with just 4 keys participate in leader boards brackets tournaments forums and more at www.thefreestylepark.com sierra online 19.99|nuance communications inc. upgrade to dragon naturallyspeaking v8 legal solutions from professional v6 and up (govt) olp - a590a-sf2-8.0   314
0|family tree maker version 16 deluxe with family tree maker version 16 (deluxe edition) you can access more than 5 billion records through ancestry.com as you research your family's history. the best-selling genealogy program for the past 15 years family tree maker lets you access some of the world's largest online data based including the u.s. records collection naturalization records immigration records and much more. simply enter as much personal information about your family that you know. build a family book from scratch. view just your own family or browse up to seven generations at once. find out which version of family tree maker is right for you. with family tree maker you can create a family tree is four easy steps. first you start building the tree with the information that you know. then you search through billions of records and names to add to your information. as you build your family history you can then design personal keepsakes and projects with pre-designed templates that you can then share your family tree with friends and relatives. with this latest version of family tree maker you'll be able to create a family tree more easily than ever before. featuring streamlined data entry and useful research tips family tree maker practically does your work for you. customizable search criteria and improved source management make the gathering of your family data easy as it gets. the software lets you easily import historical documents and also allows for web collaboration so you can work with other members in your family to complete your tree. as an added exclusive feature this deluxe edition of family tree maker includes $200 of bonus material. in addition to a nine-month subscription to ancestry.com (a $100 value) you get an introductory genealogy consultation (a $30 value) an official training dvd (a $15 value) a family tree workbook in pdf format (a $20 value) and standard ancestry reference library software that's worth $50. encore 69.95|quicken(r) rental property manager 2.0 designed for rental property owners quicken rental property manager 2.0 is a property management software that offers an easy way to organize critical income and expense records in one place. see how your properties are performing stay on top of ...  99.99
0|audio success suite edition:sales success the audio success series is a premium line of personal productivity recordings featuring acclaimed content from renowned motivators and success coaches and designed for people on the move. ever wished you could take time out of your hectic business schedule to attend the in-person seminars led by the nation's top sales gurus and motivational speakers with sales success on audio cd you'll have dynamic access to four of today's most influential sales motivators any time you want! if you can play a compact disc sales success can provide practical steps to power-up your influence while building and expanding your client relationships. format: win 98 topics entertainment 19.95|onone software inc. mpr-40212 mask pro 4.1 1u upgrade onone software inc. 66.27
0|zoo tycoon 2 (mac) zoo tycoon 2 brings back the wildly popular action of the first zoo tycoon with all-new action and thrills! immerse yourself in first-person views as you build exciting zoos and adopt amazing animals. get closer to your animals and get them cleaned and fed yourself -- or enjoy the zoo you've created from the perspective of a visitor. zoopedia teaches interesting facts about the animals in your zoo snap photos of your favorite animals or guests and share them online with friends play it your way -- focus on your favorite parts of zoo tycoon in freeform challenge and campaign modes destineer 39.99|sos aggregation company panda antivirus + firewall 2008 3-user   31.53
0|wheel of fortune deluxe wheel... of... fortune! that's the introduction to america's favorite game show. now you have a chance to spin the wheel as a contestant! this updated version of wheel of fortune has all-new graphics and puzzles to challenge and entertain you. pick a consonant or buy a vowel to solve puzzles in three exciting new game modes: road trip group play and puzzle of the day. create your own profile and earn trophies or virtual cash -- but look out for the dreaded bankrupt and lose a turn wedges. spin to win in the sparkling new version of this beloved game. encore 19.99|cisco cns network registrar central manager v.6.1 - license - cnr-6.1-rcm500k   71760
0|system care professional  avanquest 49.95|webroot software inc - 31250 - spy sweeper spanish a sypware infection is no longer just a matter of enduring annoying pop-ups ads a chaning homepage or a slow-performing computer. today's spyware is far more harmful and places personal information privacy and perhaps even your identity at risk.  24.81
0|ca arcserve bkup r11.5 win svrless bkup opt sp1- prod only arcserve bkup r11.5 win svrless bkup opt sp1- prod only computer associates 0|quarkcopydesk ( v. 3.5 ) - version upgrade license quarkcopydesk - ( v. 3.5 ) - version upgrade license - 1 user - upgrade from 2.2 - mac  56.77
0|data protection suite if you use a computer you're at risk for system crashes file corruption and a host of other headaches. backup my pc is trusted to preserve protect backup and archive your digital media and critical data quickly and easily eliminating all of the guesswork. file backup software featuring award winning state-of-the-art technology and a straightforward intuitive interface. this powerful file backup software makes it easy to prevent data disasters and restore your files in the event of a system crash. plus full password protection means you're always in control. stomp inc 69.99|instant immersion italian 2.0 topics entertainment instant immersion italian 2.0 this 5 cd-rom suite immerses you in the learning process with cultural videos entertaining games and interactive lessons with native speakers windows/mac topics entertainment 20.99
0|adobe premiere pro cs3 tell your story with maximum impact using adobe premiere pro cs3 software the start-to-finish solution for efficient video production that now includes adobe encore cs3 and adobe onlocation cs3 formerly the award-winning dv rack hd. save time from on-set capture using adobe onlocation through to output expand your creative options via integration with adobe after effects cs3 professional and photoshop and deliver your content to dvd blu-ray disc the web and mobile devices. the powerful editing finishing and delivery tools in adobe premiere pro are now available on both mac and windows operating systems. capture edit and deliver to video dvd and the web adobe premiere pro cs3 software available for both mac and windows streamlines the entire video production process from direct-to-disk recording through editing to final delivery for tape disc the web and mobile devices. adobe premiere pro cs3 redefines productivity and flexibility for capturing editing and delivering video content. video professionals want to concentrate on storytelling--not on the nuts and bolts of production--and adobe premiere pro cs3 frees you to focus on telling your story. maximize image quality and work faster during shoots by using adobe onlocation cs3 software (requires windows and boot camp for mac ) included with adobe premiere pro to calibrate cameras monitor video signals and record directly to disk--all during the shoot. edit every major video format from dv to hd and beyond with adobe premiere pro cs3. improve efficiency and creativity with new workflow and new visual effects features. save time and expand creative options through tight integration with other adobe software including adobe after effects cs3 and adobe photoshop cs3. adobe encore cs3 software now included with adobe premiere pro cs3 lets you author once and then output to blu-ray disc dvd and flash swf for the web. adobe premiere pro supports additional delivery platforms including flash and mobile devices letting you reach the widest audience possible. audience benefit corporate and government video producers--adobe premiere pro cs3 provides the tools you need to ensure excellent production values while working quickly to stay on schedule. edit with precise control add stunning effects and move content smoothly to adobe after effects cs3 professional and photoshop for even more creative control. streamline the review process with adobe clip notes and output to multiple formats quickly and easily to reach more people everywhere. adobe premiere pro cs3 lets you communicate with high-quality video and imagery even with tight budgets and looming deadlines. export adobe encore cs3 projects as dvd blu-ray disc or flash. when you export as flash encore generates html flv and swf files that provide dvd-style chapter selection playback and interactivity through the flash player. event videographers--small crews and tight deadlines mean you need to work fast even while clients demand higher and higher production values. adobe premiere pro cs3 lets you capture events directly to disc with included adobe onlocation cs3; work fast with precision editing tools including support for editing multicam shots; create compelling effects via tight integration with adobe after effects cs3 professional and photoshop cs3; and use the included copy of adobe encore cs3 to deliver content however your clients need it whether on dvd blu-ray disc the web or mobile devices. independent filmmakers--your passion is storytelling. your challenge is finding the right software to handle every aspect of the production process and deliver hollywood-quality imagery. adobe premiere pro cs3 meets this need with a complete toolset for capturing footage direct-to-disc editing imagery and creating titles in post-production producing dvds and delivering web-ready content to promote your films on the internet. and with the included video workshop and training materials you'll have help through every stage of production. post-production boutiques--enjoy advanced editing tools as well as the uncompromised image quality and real-time performance you need in professional broadcast and film post-production. work with all major formats enjoy powerful effects and media management tools get unparalleled integration with adobe after effects cs3 professional and photoshop software and increase efficiency with workflow enhancements such as adobe clip notes. with adobe premiere pro cs3 and adobe encore cs3 you can deliver your work in the format your client needs from adobe flash video through dvd and blu-ray disc to uncompressed hd. educators and students--adobe premiere pro cs3 offers a complete set of post-production tools that let you handle all aspects of filmmaking and post-production cost effectively from capturing and editing footage to creating titles dvds and promotional materials such as websites that feature video content. use flexible tools to express your creativity work with any file format on both windows and macintosh platforms and deliver your work across multiple media. what's new in adobe premiere pro cs3k dvd and blu-ray disc output with included adobe encore cs3 create dvd and blu-ray disc content with adobe encore cs3 software now included with adobe premiere pro cs3. work with the same encore authoring interface and features used to create standard-definition dvds. author once deliver twice: automatically convert your high-definition blu-ray disc projects to standard-definition dvds. high-quality slow motion with time remapping create dramatic slow- and fast-motion effects without exporting clips to another application. with precise keyframe control real-time feedback and excellent quality from advanced frame blending you can slow things down without compromising quality. or generate even better in-between frames through pixel-motion analysis with the timewarp effect. direct-to-disc recording with included adobe onlocation cs3 save tape and time by eliminating capture from your production process. record sd and hd video directly to disc using adobe onlocation cs3 software included with adobe premiere pro cs3. instantly review each shot without shuttling tape. adobe onlocation automatically detects and flags problems to provide the best results. adobe encore cs3 projects for the web with one click easily create adobe flash versions of your dvd and blu-ray disc projects for the web. use adobe encore cs3 to create flash content complete with dvd interactivity and menus without learning flash programming. multiple project windows with smart file search find files faster with search tools that instantly update their results list as you type. sort and organize assets into multiple project windows each with its own graphical or text view setting. display and handle media files making project management easier and more efficient. professional on-set monitoring with adobe onlocation cs3 maximize camera image quality during shoots by using adobe onlocation cs3 to quickly calibrate your camera check levels and monitor your signal. use simple tools that function like their hardware equivalents to get results quickly and easily. the virtual reference monitor waveform monitor vectorscope and audio spectrum analyzer help you avoid problems and improve quality on location. create stunning slow-motion and other retiming effects directly in the timeline by setting and moving time remapping keyframe markers. improve the look of your video with the three-way color corrector and the other precision color-correction tools in adobe premiere pro. improved editing efficiency work faster with powerful and flexible editing tools. play video with nested audio sequences in real time without rendering. replace any clip in the timeline with a new clip while preserving the replaced clip's editing attributes and settings. use shortcuts to switch between workspace panels and save time. output for mobile devices make your video viewable on the latest delivery platforms. encode video for delivery to cell phones and other mobile devices and simulate playback on those devices to check video quality. download profile updates to simulate the latest devices. flash video export with markers converted to cue points encode video and audio for flash projects and web playback with direct flash video (flv) export. adobe premiere pro cs3 timeline markers become flash cue points that trigger interactivity and navigation. create flash video with ease. improve efficiency and incorporate a tapeless workflow during shoots by using adobe onlocation cs3 to monitor your camera's video signal and record it directly to a computer hard drive. additional features efficient tools for creative editing create high-quality visual and editorial effects directly within the editing timeline. generate slow motion and other time-remapping effects with precise keyframe control and real-time feedback. add color correction lighting and other effects audio filters and more with fast flexible and built-in tools. edit footage from multicam shoots with ease and precision. comprehensive video format compatibility work with the formats you want. edit all standard- or high-definition formats from dv through hdv to hd and beyond (some formats may require additional hardware). broad range of supporting hardware and software for mac and windows choose from a wide range of mac and windows workstations and capture cards to build the editing system that exactly meets your needs and budget. enhance your system with additional plug-ins including many from adobe after effects software. dvd and blu-ray disc output with included adobe encore cs3 create dvd and blu-ray disc content with adobe encore cs3 software now included with adobe premiere pro cs3. work with the same encore authoring interface and features used to create standard-definition dvds. author once deliver twice: automatically convert your high-definition blu-ray disc projects to standard-definition dvds. superior integration with other adobe applications make the leading still and motion graphics applications adobe photoshop and after effects part of an efficient post-production workflow. import and animate photoshop layers. automatically create photoshop files that match the current project's frame size and aspect ratio. drag and drop or copy and paste clips and timelines between adobe premiere pro cs3 and after effects cs3 professional. direct-to-disc recording with included adobe onlocation cs3 save tape and time by eliminating capture from your production process. record sd and hd video directly to disc using adobe onlocation cs3 software included with adobe premiere pro cs3. instantly review each shot without shuttling tape. adobe onlocation automatically detects and flags problems to provide the best results. professional on-set monitoring with adobe onlocation cs3 maximize camera image quality during shoots by using adobe onlocation cs3 to quickly calibrate your camera check levels and monitor your signal. use simple tools that function like their hardware equivalents to get results quickly and easily. the virtual reference monitor waveform monitor vectorscope and audio spectrum analyzer help you avoid problems and improve quality on location. delivery to the web and mobile devices make your video viewable on today's and tomorrow's delivery platforms. export as adobe flash video (flv). easily convert dvd projects complete with menus to flash swf files for web playback. encode for delivery to cell phones and other mobile devices and emulate playback on those devices to check playback quality. accelerated client review and approval with adobe clip notes expedite review cycles and avoid miscommunication with adobe clip notes. embed video into an adobe pdf file e-mail the file to your client to review and add timecode-specific comments and then view comments mapped to the adobe premiere pro cs3 timeline. multicam editing view multiple video tracks from a multiple-camera shoot easily sync via timecode and edit by switching between tracks in real time. rerecord sections of your edit make fine adjustments using all the standard timeline editing tools and easily adjust color correction across multiple shots even after editing. accelerated client review and approval with adobe clip notes expedite review cycles and avoid miscommunication with adobe clip notes. embed video into an adobe pdf file e-mail the file to your client to review and add timecode-specific comments and then view comments mapped to the adobe premiere pro cs3 timeline. mac os x compatibility use adobe premiere pro cs3 on the latest intel based macintosh computers. aaf and edl import/export exchange project metadata with major video film and audio applications via industry-standard advanced authoring format (aaf) aaf with edit protocol and edit decision list (edl) files (aaf import/export for windows only). comprehensive vtr support control video decks through rs-422 and rs-232 serial protocols or firewire for precise batch capturing recapturing and insert editing. file management with adobe bridge work more efficiently by using adobe bridge cs3 to search for and access your project files preview and apply settings run batch processes and tag assets with xmp metadata. adobe 799|cd269-ar1p= cisco ios enterprise/snasw plus - complete package - cd cisco systems cd269-ar1p= : usually ships in 24 hours : : cisco ios (internetworking operating system) software is the platform that delivers network services and enables networked applications.  2150.98
0|emedia rock guitar method rock guitar method shows you how to rock out by teaching you the classics. pick up an ax and start covering your favorite rock blues country and folk songs with the roar and energy that only an electric guitar has. follow along with 165 different step-by-step lessons covering the basics like holding & stringing your guitar -- then move on to reading notation and fingerpicking styles. on-screen lessons from a noted guitar expert provide clear and user-friendly instruction. start playing the guitar more easily than you ever thought possible! the digital metronome is for setting your own tempo to work on your picking speed rhythm and timing use the digital recorder to play yourself back and hear how you're doing emedia 39.99|microspot x-rip large format print driver for os x system requirements: operating system: mac osx 10.2 or higher processor: power mac g3 with 450mhz or higher memory (ram): 128 mb free hard disk space: 520mb connection methods: tcp/ip network (jet direct/app socket) direct usb usb parallel converter ...  335.99
0|scrabble with bonus clue scrabble online with clue brings together two classic board games giving them a whole new dimension. scrabble online takes the world's most popular word game and adds new challenges with anagrams 2- and 3-letter word games word placement and scrabble blitz. clue takes you back to tudor mansion. your host mr. john boddy has met an untimely end -- and he's the victim of foul play! to win the game you must determine the answer to 3 questions: who did it where and with what weapon? encore 19.99|panda software dominosecure 101-250 1yr - b1ds6d   22
0|apple ilife '06 (mac dvd) [older version] ilife '06 is the easiest way to make the most out of every bit of your digital life. use your mac to collect organize and edit the various elements. transform them into mouth-watering masterpieces with apple-designed templates. then share the magic moments in beautiful books colorful calendars dazzling dvds perfect podcasts and attractive online journals. all starring you. now it's easier than ever to edit your photos to perfection. all your photos in one place. iphoto 6 rebuilt for blazing performance iphoto makes sharing photos faster simpler and cooler than ever before. it also adds eye-opening features to the ones you already love including photocasting support for up to 250 000 photos easy publishing to the web special effects and new custom cards and calendars. so you can spread those smiles far and wide. a lifetime of photos at your fingertips -- your life is is one big photo opportunity -- which explains why your photo library is getting bigger every day. well good news: iphoto now supports up to 250 000 images. that means you can confidently shoot over a thousand photos per week for the next 20 years. (better get cracking.) navigating your larger library is a breeze now too. as you move the scroll bar a new see-through scroll guide appears to show you what photos or rolls are currently displayed. photocasting: a fantastic new way to share -- imagine sending an album of favorite photos to the family and having it change automatically on their computers when you update it on yours. that's what photocasting is all about. and it's amazingly easy. just create a photocast album in iphoto and publish it to .mac (password-protected if you wish). when cousin cindy subscribes she'll see it in her iphoto library just as you see it in yours -- with full-resolution photos that can be used for desktop pictures printed albums cards and calendars. and whenever you add or subtract to your photocast album it will change in hers. even people with pcs can enjoy an iphoto photocast because all it takes is an rss news reader to subscribe. dazzle with calendars greeting cards and books -- send a beautiful printed book of special photos to a friend. put your kid's happy face on the cover of a custom card to announce a birthday party. create a stylized personalized calendar that rivals the ones you see at your local mall. make all those things -- and many many more -- with typical iphoto ease. just choose a photo album click an apple-designed template and let iphoto work its magic. add captions fine-tune your layout then click to order -- your professionally printed masterwork is delivered right to your door. the website of your life -- it's one thing to share photos on the internet. it's something else to share them on a wonderfully designed personal website. thanks to the newest member of the ilife family -- iweb -- you can create a beautiful new photo page on your website in just minutes. heck if you can type those clever captions quickly enough maybe even seconds. simply export an iphoto album to iweb to create a new photo grid. drag photos to rearrange them if needed add those pithy words then publish. whoosh. your film your way -- done easily with imovie hd 6. score your movies with powerful audio tools. imovie hd 6 riveting performances. major effects. inspired directing. amazing how imovie has changed the way people look at home movies. now with more cinematic tools to offer imovie makes you even more comfortable in the director's chair. and the editor's chair. and the special effects guy's chair. and well you get the idea. imovie is the fastest and easiest way to turn home movies into dazzling hollywood-style hits. instant theme instant classic -- imovie themes give you moviemaking power you never imagined. just click one and the fun begins. each theme contains a collection of professionally designed scenes that give your movie a personality from start to finish -- including video and graphic overlays and advanced transitions. all you have to do is drag-and-drop your movie clips and photos into the scene's drop zones type in your titles and imovie does the rest. you get the quality of a feature film. without the cost overruns. now showing: major video effects -- you'll love the new video effects made possible by mac os x core video. you'll also love the fact that you can preview the results of your video effect choices in real time. at any size. right in the main window. imovie does all the rendering in the background so you can experiment to your heart's content. or just dive right into all your other creative options without delay. the sounds of cinema -- great movies sound as amazing as they look. so imovie comes complete with a sound studio built in. summoning the power of mac os x core audio imovie offers eight new audio effects including noise reduction (perfect for squelching the noise common to home movies) reverb pitch change a handy graphic equalizer and more. and with the ilife media browser you have full access to your original garageband songs. how's that sound? video podcasts and blogs with iweb -- use imovie to share with friends family and now -- the world. imovie working hand in hand with iweb makes it easy to publish video to websites and blogs. you can even use imovie to create video podcasts complete with chapter markers and live urls. using iweb you can submit your video podcast to the itunes podcast directory where it can be seen and subscribed to by everyone. the simple powerful idvd interface. choose from stunning menu templates. idvd 6 why rent someone else's masterpiece when you can create your own? from hollywood-style home movies to multimedia wedding albums to professional slideshow portfolios idvd 6 helps you put it all on dvd. and no ordinary dvd mind you. a jaw-dropping widescreen dvd with coordinated menus and ambient audio. a dvd with thoroughly professional polish. a dvd so captivating it will make it onto everyone's must-see list. magic idvd -- idvd has always made it easy to create beautifully designed dvds. now it's beyond easy. with the magic idvd feature all you have to do is choose a theme and select the movies and photos you want to include. idvd then automatically creates a complete dvd unified in design from start to finish including menu screens movies chapter menus and slideshows. you have to see it to believe it. want to join in the magic? use magic idvd as a starting point and edit from there. create widescreen dvds -- get the most out of that gorgeous new widescreen tv. with idvd 6 you can author dvds of your movies and photo slideshows in stunning widescreen format. you can even include content from both sd and hd video sources. idvd converts everything automatically so all your dvds play back beautifully. choose new idvd themes -- idvd 6 features 10 new apple-designed themes in idvd five of which are made to match imovie themes -- and all of them are available in both widescreen (16:9) and standard (4:3) formats. each theme includes a family of a three coordinated menus: a main menu a chapter menu for scene selection and an extras menu for slideshows and other content. talent to burn -- when you're ready to burn your dvd idvd is ready too. even if you're using a third-party dvd burner. idvd has built-in support for a wide variety of dvd media formats -- including dvd-r dvd-rw dvd+r dvd+rw and dvd+r dl. so now you have more options than ever. garageband lets you make music like a pro -- all on your mac. create podcasts that make you sound like a professional host. score your imovie creations. garageband 3 the best way to record music on a mac is now the best way to record podcasts. podcasting in garageband 3 puts you in the control room of your own full-featured radio station. and new iweb integration gets your voice on the internet in minutes. podcast artwork track -- now you can add a podcast artwork track just by dragging in images from your ilife media browser. drag in a title card with the name of your podcast and a picture of you. drag in different images for each chapter marker in your podcast so your listeners can also see visual cues. just position images on the artwork track so they correspond with your vocal track. raving about that amazing unsigned band you saw last night? drag in a photo of the gig right from your iphoto library. sound effects and jingles -- give your podcast professional polish by adding in sound effects and jingles from garageband's library of more than 200 podcast sounds. browse more than 200 sound effects -- including radio-style stingers and sounds from people animals and machines -- then drag them into your podcast to sync up with your vocal track. or add some musical accompaniment to your podcast. just browse garageband's library of more than 100 jingles and drag them into your podcast in 7 15 and 30-second snippets. you can add in sound effects and jingles during post-production or trigger them during live recording. podcast radio engineer -- garageband 3 includes a few features that function like your own personal podcast radio engineer so you can create podcasts that make you sound like a professional host. a built-in speech enhancer optimizes sound for your mac gender and vocal range improving the sound of your voice and simulating a professional microphone even when you're not using one. and a dynamic ducking effect automatically reduces music volume when you speak so your listeners always hear the talk above the tunes. ichat interview recording -- use ichat and garageband to record a talk show-style podcast in the time it takes you to carry on a friendly chat -- even if your guests are on the other side of the world. garageband lets you record remote guests from an audio or video ichat conference. just start chatting and garageband simultaneously records the audio -- one track for each guest complete with buddy name and icon so you know who's saying what and when. and if you're using isight cameras to record the action garageband takes a photo snapshot of each guest every time he or she speaks. one-click iweb publishing -- finished recording your podcast? time to get it on the internet with garageband and iweb. from garageband send your podcast to iweb where you can create a new podcast series or add to an existing series. then click publish to get your podcast on the web via your .mac account. it's that easy. iweb even lets you submit your podcast to the itunes music store so you can attract new fans. imovie scoring -- the new video track in garageband makes it easy to add an original music score to your movies. and don't worry about your musical talent -- or lack thereof. just use garageband's included loops or try a combination of loops software instruments or any previous audio recordings you created. you can even use garageband to add cinematic sound effects such as footsteps and creaking doors. when you're ready save your scored imovie project as a quicktime video then send it to idvd for burning or publish it to the internet via iweb. the internet is calling. answer with iweb. choose from beautiful website templates. publish your blog quickly and easily. iweb the internet is calling. answer. use iweb to create websites and blogs -- complete with podcasts photos and movies -- and get them online fast. just drag drop and design using your choice of web templates then publish live to your .mac account. apple-designed templates -- let iweb help you build a beautiful website in minutes using apple-designed templates. just choose a website theme that fits your style. each theme offers page templates for about me photo album blog podcast and movie pages so you'll always have the perfect place for your content. use the ilife media browser to drag in your photos movies and podcasts then simply type over the placeholder text on your page template and click once to publish to .mac. ilife media browser -- every website needs content. your podcast page needs audio. your photo page needs images. your blog needs links to your favorite music. and that's why iweb needs the ilife media browser. using the media browser you can access all your ilife content -- photos video audio -- without leaving iweb. drag in the podcast or song you recorded in garageband earlier today. or the iphoto album of your vacation. or your latest imovie project. whatever you want to share you'll find it in the ilife media browser. blogging -- use iweb to start your own weblog and add new entries as easily as writing an email. choose a blog template type in your own text and drag in photos from the ilife media browser. iweb takes care of everything else setting up navigation for your blog creating a summary page and adding an entry archive. iweb also handles the rss feed for your blog so anyone can subscribe. and when you're done adding an entry just one click publishes your blog via .mac. podcasting -- when it comes time to take your podcasts live iweb gives you a simple stylish way to do it. either send your podcast to iweb from garageband or start in iweb with a podcast page template and drag your podcast in from the ilife media browser. type over placeholder text to add a brief description of your podcast then click once to publish it to the internet using your .mac account. iweb takes care of the rss feed for your podcast and lets you submit podcasts to the itunes music store where anyone can listen and subscribe. one-click .mac publishing -- sharing your website with the world is now one-click simple. with iweb and a .mac membership you can publish your entire website -- complete with blog entries photo albums links to photocasts movies and podcasts -- to the internet in a single click. no configuration no hassle. just click publish and iweb automatically publishes your entire site to the internet where anyone with a web browser can see it. iweb even lets you announce your website via email so friends and family stay in the loop. apple computer 79|83076 smarterm enterprise suite - ( v. 12.1 ) - upgrade license - 1 user - win esker software 83076 : usually ships in 24 hours : : smarterm terminal emulation software provides the high-level security features your business needs to protect sensitive host data including ssl and ssh encryption and sftp and scp for secure ...  146.42
0|snap! 10 000 drink recipies (jewel case) trying to find the perfect after dinner drink? not sure what you can mix with the liquor you already have? snap!  10 000 drink recipes is the solution to all your beverage needs. from cocktails to bar drinks you can find practically any recipe with the extensive search option. providing an array of choices this cd-rom is a fantastic resource for any occasion. system requirements:windows 95/98/me or better 8mb ram 6mb hd 2x cd-rom drive vga monitor sound card topics entertainment 4.99|intuit inc 299529 qb prem mfg & whlesle 07 (intuit inc 299529) intuit inc 299529 - flat $5 shipping! 14 in stock as of 08/13/07 06:58 pm. avoid backorders with us!  335.99
0|perfect attorney premium this extensive legal self-help program lets you create your own legal documents and save on costly legal document preparation fees. learn from experts technical terms and legal strategies how to select an attorney and more. create thousands of legally binding forms valid in all 50 states. locate documents easily using the convenient legal descriptive search feature. includes do-it-yourself wills and trusts copyright no fault divorce real estate leases purchases or sales general or health care powers of attorney and much more. perfect for nearly any personal or business need. includes bonus software. create employment or service contracts generate a promissory note or release of debt learn how to repair your credit and protect yourself bonus - legal publisher living will updates new bankruptcy law estate planner tools and legal form letters system requirements - microsoft windows 98se me 2000 with sp4 xp 64 mb ram cd-rom drive cosmi corporation 39.99|adobe cs3 production premium system requirements multicore intel processor (adobe photoshop extended illustrator flash professional and after effects professional are universal binary and also work on a powerpc g4 or g5 processor; adobe onlocation? is a windows ...  1749.99
0|symantec gateway security 300 series 10 ( 10224341 ) the symantec gateway security 300 series is the high-performance low-maintenance firewall appliance for small businesses. it combines comprehensive security a reliable internet gateway and a secure wireless lan option in one affordable solution. the security component includes a stateful inspection firewall secure ipsec vpn connectivity intrusion detection intrusion prevention content filtering and policy enforcement for symantec connected antivirus clients. the network component supports high-speed internet sharing routing and redundancy along with an optional secure wireless lan access point. an intuitive setup wizard and symantec's exclusive liveupdate technology make setup and maintenance a breeze while its licensing options eliminate the hassle and cost of monthly subscription charges. symantec 349|adobe photoshop cs3 extended for mac academic system requirements powerpc g4 or g5 or intel core processor mac os x v10.4.8 512mb ram 64mb vram 2gb free hard-disk space (additional space required during installation) 1024 x 768 display resolution with 16-bit video card dvd-rom drive internet or ...  295.99
0|custom landdesigner 3d design 7.0  sierra on-line 0|real world corporation(tm) compatible continuous checks compatible with real world corporation(tm) versions 6.0 and 6.6 expertise accounting and classic accounting 7.0-8.0.  91.59
0|kids power fun for girls  topics entertainment 19.99|ilife '06 mac - apple - ma166z/a ilife '06 the must-have update to apple's award-winning suite ofdigital lifestyle applications delivers major upgrades to iphoto imovie hd idvd and garageband plus an innovative new applicationcalled iweb for creating stunning web pages blogs ...  47.8 gbp
0|studio movieboard plus pci hardware pinnacle studio movieboard plus is the ultimate movie-making solution providing video enthusiasts with the most complete set of hardware & software tools available. the pci card/external break-out box combination easily captures video from any analog or digital source. it enables output to disc mobile devices back to tape or for full-resolution preview to a tv monitor for precision editing. pinnacle's powerful yet intuitive video editing software pinnacle studio plus titanium edition is paired with a microphone and green backdrop for professional-quality voice audio recording and composite ?green screen? special effects for results that will amaze your audience. minimum system requirements - intel pentium or amd athlon 1.4 ghz or higher (2.4 ghz+ recommended) / 512mb ram (1 gb recommended. 1 gb required for hd) / windows xp (sp2 or higher) / directx 9 or higher compatible graphics card with 32mb (ati radeon or nvidia geforce 3 or higher with 128 mb recommended for sd. 128 mb required for 720p hd. 256 mb required for 1080i hd) / directx 9 or higher compatible sound card / 500mb of disk space to install software pinnacle 251.55|black magic woman and other songs recorded by santana (for xg-compatible modules). pianosoft. yamaha software for the disklavier. with disk. 5x5.5 inches. published by yamaha. one of the leading latin rockers guitarist extraordinaire carlos santana has enjoyed great musical success for many decades: ...  34.95
0|gorilla 4 pro our most popular selling product the pro edition is designed for the professional filmmaker. everything is at your fingertips including a full contact manager complete budgeting and scheduling locations film festivals and more. the best thing about gorilla is that it is simple. other budgeting and scheduling programs are complex convoluted and hard to navigate through. gorilla has a simple menu-driven interface and is very easy to learn. ...and it's not only budgeting and scheduling. take a closer look at all the features this program has to offer. jungle software 399|print master platinum v17 overview if youve got a passion for creative self-expression youll find endless inspiration in this sophisticated easy-to-use program. enjoy all of the great features you expect from printmaster plus brilliant new upgrades that make personal ...  29.9
0|apple xsan (mac) brand new full retail box apple 0|emc securid appl mnt - base/ ext 14mo per u 505-750 - app0000750be14   23
0|equilibrium debabelizer pro 6.0 - 1 user debabelizer pro 6 provides you with the image editing tools for better image processing. its optimization tools provide full palette control and image optimization for single and multi-frame images for individual images or batches. convert over 100 different file formats including many hard to find legacy formats. the automated workflow tools make it easier than ever to manage and control your media. enhanced gif and jpeg compression powerful conditional scripting cmyk support equilibrium 599.99|cisco pgw2200 includes redundnt v210 ac hw 9.6.1 sw 1000 sig rtus  55706.95
0|scrabble play against one of eight challenging computer opponents or take on your friends and family in four different game modes. play the way you remember in classic mode race against the clock in blitz climb to the top in a tournament or set up a custom tournament and play scrabble your way! play against a friend or a computer opponent with ai designed by real scrabble champions. destineer 24.99|910623-000 rumba web-to-host for as/400 - ( v. 4.2 ) - license - 1 processor - tier p60 - s netmanage 910623-000 : usually ships in 24 hours : : rumba web-to-host lets you cost-effectively leverage important assets on your legacy host systems literally within minutes.  29578.09
0|school zone pencil-pal software big phonics (cd-rom & book)  school zone interactive 0|panda software upg to gatdef performa 8200 4k0 1yr - uabpgdpcavs-edu   12
0|best of card games (jewel case) best of card games features over 150 different card games for all ages and skill levels. enjoy 150 many variations of solitaire poker blackjack rummy pinochle hearts spades euchre cribbage oh hell fan tan spite and malice canasta and whist. there's also five classic games especially for kids & over 100 solitaire games. with enhanced graphics multiple skill levels customizable cards and backgrounds plenty of hinst and tips in each game -- you've got everything you need to have a great time! includes all these classics: euchre rummy cribbage pinochle whist canasta oh hell fan tan spite and malice on hand software 9.99|encore software 13851 - tlc blues clues preschool learning system 2008 encore software 13851 : encore software tlc blues clues preschool learning system 2008 - 13851  17.97
0|the print shop pro publisher 22 deluxe [dvd] the print shop pro publisher deluxe edition 22 gives you all the tools you need to design and publish professional business materials creative projects and web pages. a wealth of photo manipulation tools at your fingertips helps you get closer to the final product. see all that you can do with pro publisher deluxe. with pro publisher deluxe you can express your creativity promote your business design your own web site and much more all from one place. your complete source for designing powerful publications for all of your home and business needs pro publisher deluxe lets you create banners letterhead business cards postcards and more. find out which version of the print shop is right for you. 22 000 templates and 400 000 images at your fingertips with 22 000 pre-designed project templates to choose from it's easy to start your next project from scratch. pro publisher deluxe features flexible design and layout tools more than 850 fonts a complete logo creator and several professional quality printing options that will help you tailor your projects to your precise needs. you can design layouts for multimedia presentations letterhead business cards greeting cards forms multi-page brochures stationery sets cd/dvd labels newsletters and much more. a multi-page booklet template helps you create exciting projects including programs menus informational pamphlets brochures and more. you can even turn your family's history into a work of art with the unique and fun-to-use family tree templates! pro publisher deluxe offers a wider variety of paper sizes with several new templates including 4x6 inches for notecards and postcard 11x17 inch pages and square 6x6 8x8 and 12x12 page sizes. when it's time to add the perfect image to your project pro publisher deluxe features a gallery for more than 400 000 premium images (including 5 000 getty images) that include photos graphics illustrations web art backgrounds and textures seasonal images and more. you'll always have the ideal template and the perfect image to complete your project. the program also includes 3 100 sentiments so you'll have the precise tools to add the perfect phrase or quote to your design. an advanced search function lets you conveniently search for a project template or image by type tone category or keyword. when you purchase pro publisher deluxe you also receive a full year of free access to the million image club where you will find even more images to complement your designs. advanced design and print tools a convenient pdf tool lets you easily convert your projects and images into pdf files for easy sharing while maintaining high resolution and color accuracy. you also have access to tools that let you create sophisticated web pages with no html coding skills required. simple drag-and-drop capabilities allow you to move images and text to where you want them. some of the advanced html features include dynamic web templates rollover effects hotspots online form creation and spell check. professional graphic tools give you the power to manipulate your images so that you can take your business communications to the next level. with pro publisher deluxe you'll master tools that let you create and edit vector art create 3-d shapes add 3-d texture effects and even draw using pastel charcoal and watercolor. and when it's time to print pro publisher deluxe offers the advantages of several professional print options such as borderless printing and printing directly on printable cds/dvds. you can print multiple labels with a variety of images or text simultaneously on one sheet -- a feature that's perfect for mass mailings or customizing a variety of labels with ease. you can even personalize your ipod skin with your favorite photo pictures of your friends a cool design or more. these are only some of the many ways that pro publisher deluxe can help you business grow and your personal projects thrive. the possibilities are endless; the only limit with pro publisher deluxe is your imagination. encore 99.99|sudoku for kids specifically designed for children sudoku for kids is a great parent/child learning tool for kids from pre-kindergarten to the 3rd grade. features include 21 challenging levels thousands of sudoku puzzles 6 selectable fun themes and a large game ...  9.99
0|hollywood volume 1 contains the following songs: 1. arthur's theme 2. axel f 3. love theme out of africa 4. raiders march 5. the way he makes me feel 6. somewhere out there 7. cantina band 8. princess leia's theme 9. against all odds 10. can you read my mind 11. the windmills of your mind/the summer knows (theme from summer of '42) yamaha 31.95|peachtree(r) compatible continuous checks-accounting for windows 8.0-2004 version compatible with peachtree(r) accounting for windows 8.0-2004 version software.continuous check size: 9 1/2in. x 7in..  91.59
0|northstar for pc/mac northstar (win 98 me nt 2000 xp/mac 10.3.8 or later intel) true north technology inc. 99.99|emc auth mgr mnt ent/std9x5 2m per/u 20005-25000u - aut0025000es2   12
0|jumpstart advanced 3rd grade v2.0 jumpstart advanced 3rd grade has more fun and enriching learning activities to prepare children for 3rd grade. these premium features and extensive content is designed to teach children at a pace that's just right for them. the fun games and exercises keep kids engaged and learning for hours. the software adapts to individual children's learning styles helping them learn more about everything from spelling and arithmetic. subjects include: thinking skills - problem solving & critical thinking knowledge adventure 19.99|nnm ae u/l 7.51 win-s/w td not auth to sell network node manager advanced edition software is designed to manage any size complex switched network and to quickly pinpoint problems through sophisticated root-cause analysis. network node manager advanced edition provides a solid solution for ...  149358.98
0|emedia essential bass guitar emedia essential rock guitar's 45 easy-to-follow lessons range from basics such as stringing and tuning your electric guitar to playing power chords and lead licks. the lessons were developed by professional rock guitar instructor charles mccrone a graduate of the cutting edge guitar institute of technology (git) with more than 25 years of teaching experience. with these song-based lessons learning to play rock guitar is fun and easy! emedia 19.95|multipurpose continuous checks use these multipurpose checks for all your paymentspayroll bills taxes and expenses.fast convenient. process your payroll and accounts payable faster - right at your personal computer word processor or typewriter. same checks do it all.no ...  91.59
0|adobe creative suite cs3 master collection [mac] follow your ideas anywhere with adobe creative suite 3 master collection software a comprehensive creative environment featuring highly integrated exceptionally productive tools. master collection is a value-packed offering that helps you meet deadlines while you express your creative vision in print web interactive film video and mobile design. photoshop cs3 extended for new dimensions in digital imaging illustrator cs3 for powerful vector graphics creation indesign cs3 for professional page design flash cs3 professional for creating rich interactive content dreamweaver cs3 for developing standards-based websites and applications acrobat 8 professional for adobe pdf creation and collaboration fireworks cs3 for web prototyping and designing adobe premiere pro cs3 for capturing editing and delivering video adobe encore cs3 for preparing dvd titles adobe after effects cs3 professional for industry-standard motion graphics and visual effects design across media blur boundaries and break rules in pursuit of your vision--master collection equips you to take your designs anywhere you want to go. adobe creative suite 3 master collection software is a comprehensive creative environment that features highly integrated all-new versions of professional design web video and mobile tools from adobe. it combines the best of creative suite 3 design premium web premium and production premium editions with productivity features that let you produce content for virtually all media--print web interactive film video and mobile--in one value-packed offering. audience benefit design professionals--expand your creative horizons and express your ideas in virtually any medium using adobe creative suite 3 master collection software. creative suite 3 master collection lets you design across media by combining all-new versions of essential tools for professional print web interactive motion film video and mobile design--plus adobe pdf workflows--with features for exceptional productivity. visually manage your creative assets coordinate projects efficiently preview mobile content preview video compositions without rendering and collaborate effectively with colleagues using master collection. blur boundaries and break the rules as you explore and express your ideas with the highly integrated productive tools in creative suite 3 master collection. web design professionals--take your content beyond the web and express your ideas in virtually any medium using adobe creative suite 3 master collection software. creative suite 3 master collection lets you design across media by combining all-new versions of essential tools for professional web interactive motion film video and mobile design--and even print design and adobe pdf workflows--with features for exceptional productivity. include video in your websites; design print deliverables; enjoy efficient workflows; and keep up with current technology industry standards and best practices. blur boundaries and break the rules as you explore and express your ideas with the highly integrated productive tools in creative suite 3 master collection. film and video professionals--tell compelling stories in virtually any medium using adobe creative suite 3 master collection software. creative suite 3 master collection lets you design across media by combining all-new versions of essential tools for professional film video motion interactive web and mobile design--even print design and adobe pdf workflows--with features for exceptional productivity. promote your work in print and on the web convey emotionally compelling content and increase production values on ever-shrinking budgets. blur boundaries and break the rules as you explore and express your ideas with the highly integrated productive tools in creative suite 3 master collection. visually manage assets in adobe bridge test mobile designs in adobe device central coordinate with team members using adobe version cue host real-time web-based meetings with adobe acrobat connect top reasons to buy adobe creative suite 3 master collection all the latest greatest creative tools discover new levels of creative opportunity and efficiency with all-new versions of professional adobe tools for print web interactive film video and mobile design. this comprehensive creative environment combines the latest versions of: adobe indesign cs3 for professional page design adobe photoshop cs3 extended for new dimensions in digital imaging adobe illustrator cs3 for powerful vector graphics creation adobe acrobat 8 professional for adobe pdf creation and collaboration adobe flash cs3 professional for creating rich interactive content adobe dreamweaver cs3 for developing standards-based websites and applications adobe fireworks cs3 for web prototyping and designing adobe contribute cs3 for updating websites and blogs adobe after effects cs3 professional for industry-standard motion graphics and visual effects adobe premiere pro cs3 for capturing editing and delivering video adobe encore cs3 for preparing dvd titles adobe soundbooth cs3 for creating and editing audio quickly and intuitively an amazing value expand your technical skills without breaking your budget. creative suite 3 master collection combines the best of the design premium web premium and production premium editions into one value-packed offering. highly efficient integration work more productively than ever thanks to the exceptional integration of the tools in master collection. come up to speed quickly with the help of the consistent interface across many of the creative tools--including the new standard adobe interface in flash--and easily exchange native file formats to streamline content creation across design disciplines. import layered photoshop files into illustrator indesign fireworks flash after effects adobe premiere pro and encore or copy and paste from photoshop to dreamweaver. export indesign files as xhtml to jump-start web designs in dreamweaver. paint video layers in photoshop cs3 extended and then export to a variety of video formats including flash video (flv) to incorporate into a website or an after effects or adobe premiere pro project. and much more. easy collaboration between designers and developers produce rich engaging content that can be freely deployed on the web and on a wide variety of mobile and other devices. quickly copy motion to actionscript 3.0 language to hand off to a flash developer or use scripts to automate tasks across components of the software. master collection offers robust features for producing and deploying cutting-edge content as well as for improving efficiencies between designers and developers. complete creative freedom whether you need to produce printed brochures compelling websites rich interactive experiences engaging mobile content or stories told through motion and sound find the perfect mode of expression for your ideas with master collection. you'll also find learning resources css-based web-page starting points animation presets and other support for quickly getting high-quality results in design disciplines you're just starting to explore. tools to grow your business venture into new creative territory with master collection which offers everything you need to excel in your core discipline as well as to meet changing customer requirements and to expand your creative business in new directions. streamlined cross-media publishing easily publish content to multiple media. preview photoshop or illustrator artwork for mobile devices using device central cs3. prepare audio in soundbooth and then layer it over video in adobe premiere pro--and export the result as flv for use on a website. repurpose indesign layouts using xml and export indesign layouts as xhtml that you can open in dreamweaver. master collection makes it easy to leverage your content for multiple and various final media. standards-based professional output from high-quality print to high-definition video master collection meets your most rigorous output criteria. it offers the professional output options you need for every design discipline from print to web to video. adobe's ongoing focus on open standards ensures that your work can easily go wherever you want. support for the latest mac and windows systems experience the ultimate in performance by running master collection natively on intel based macs and on windows vista pcs. work smoothly on legacy powerpc based macs and windows xp systems as well. efficient installation and management simplify installation and software management using a single installer and serial number. install all components at once or install only those you most need now and additional components later (one user per license). improve efficiency and incorporate a tapeless workflow during shoots by using adobe onlocation cs3 to monitor your camera's video signal and record it directly to a computer hard drive. adobe soundbooth cs3 for creating and editing audio quickly and intuitively additional features tools to take you beyond print move beyond print design and begin to incorporate web interactive mobile and even motion and video design and production into your repertoire. adobe creative suite 3 master collection offers the essential tools you need for professional design and print production as well as tools to expand into new disciplines--including learning resources and other support for quickly getting up to speed in the areas you're starting to explore. easily reusable content incorporate layered photoshop or illustrator files with equal ease into an indesign layout an animation created in flash an after effects motion graphic or an adobe premiere pro video. even copy and paste photoshop files directly into dreamweaver web pages. and export indesign layouts as xml or xhtml for reuse on the web or other print deliverables or embed sound and animation in indesign layouts and export them as interactive adobe pdf files. a complete cost-effective toolset expand your technical skills without breaking your budget. master collection combines everything you need for your core discipline as well as tools to grow your skills (and your business) in new directions all at a great value. richer more compelling websites create more compelling and dynamic websites by incorporating high-quality motion graphics and video in your designs. adobe creative suite 3 master collection combines the best of adobe web and interactive tools--flash cs3 professional dreamweaver cs3 contribute cs3 and fireworks cs3--with the best of adobe motion and video tools--after effects cs3 professional adobe premiere pro cs3 and soundbooth cs3. tools to take you beyond the web move beyond web design and development and begin to incorporate print video and mobile design and production into your repertoire. master collection offers the essential tools you need for professional web design as well as tools to expand into new disciplines--including learning resources and other support for quickly getting up to speed in the areas you're starting to explore. a complete cost-effective toolset expand your technical skills without breaking your budget. master collection combines everything you need for your core discipline as well as tools to grow your skills (and your business) in new directions all at a great value. tools to promote your projects call attention to your motion graphics videos and films by creating print and web marketing materials. adobe creative suite 3 master collection offers the essential tools you need to put your ideas in motion as well as tools to expand into print web and mobile publishing so you can promote your projects and grow your business. efficient post-production solution efficiently handle all aspects of post-production from importing and editing footage to creating titles and dvd menus and showcase your work effectively using high-quality standards-based output for web mobile film video and dvd. * online services including but not limited to adobe stock photos and acrobat connect may not be available in all countries languages and currencies. availability of services is subject to change. use of online services is governed by terms and conditions of a separate agreement and may be subject to additional fees. for details visit www.adobe.com. adobe creative suite 3: what's in each edition? adobe creative suite 3 editions design premium design standard web premium web standard production premium master collection adobe photoshop cs3 extended adobe photoshop cs3 adobe illustrator cs3 adobe indesign cs3 adobe acrobat 8 professional adobe flash cs3 professional adobe dreamweaver cs3 adobe contribute cs3 adobe fireworks cs3 adobe after effects cs3 professional adobe premiere pro cs3 adobe soundbooth cs3 adobe encore cs3 adobe onlocation * adobe ultra cs3 * additional features and services in adobe creative suite 3 adobe bridge cs3 adobe version cue cs3 adobe device central cs3 adobe dynamic link adobe stock photos adobe acrobat connect * adobe ultra runs on microsoft windows only. for macintosh users adobe onlocation requires bootcamp and windows (purchased separately) or a separate windows-based computer. adobe 2499|john deere: busy days in deerfield valley by bold games system requirements: mac: power mac g3 800mhz or faster processor with 128mb ram os x v10.1.5 or higher 350mb hard drive space cd-rom drive. windows: windows me/xp/2000 with a pentium iii 800 mhz or faster with 128mb ram 350mb hard drive space cd ...  21.99
0|wasp barcode fontware w/add-ins wasp fontware is a powerful bar code utility that seamlessly integrates truetype fonts with your favorite business software and database applications. wasp bar code fonts are compatible with all windows applications including the most common word processors and spreadsheets. easily create bar codes simply by using a font. generating bar codes has never been easier! informatics 195|the coasters yamaha the very best of the coasters - smart pianosoft this innovative software series enables your disklavier mark iii piano to perform with the world's most popular cds! using yamaha's pianosmart technology this companion diskette will magically empower your disklavier mark iii to accompany the ...  18.5
0|small business server 2003 20u cal addpak user manufacturer: microsoft corporation.manufacturer part number: t74-00004license type: additive licenselicense pricing: standardlicense quantity: 20 user cal microsoft 0|microsoft rise of nations: rise of legends for pc journey to the land of aio a world embroiled in an epic battle between the forces of magic and technology.  16.99
0|ulead systems dvd workshop 2 ulead dvd workshop 2 is powerful and intuitive authoring software that keeps your creative needs in mind. the straightforward workflow and design-centric interface guides you through the steps needed to create dynamic dvds. it's perfect for people who want to create sophisticated dvds without having to learn a completely new system inside and out! dvd workshop 2 guarantees creative professionals a maximum return on investment with a minimal learning curve. use powerful compositing and layout tools - map out the exact navigation of your dvd assets with playlists dvd workshop 2 supports dolby digital audio files multi-layered psd and ufo images text file import for subtitles and wmv video import among others supports copy protection region coding 16 - 9 widescreen video and multiple video title sets. even output to dvd-9 and dlt ulead systems 494.99|apple garageband jam pack: rhythm section system requirements requires garageband (installed with ilife '04 or '05)* logic express 7 or logic pro 7. soundtrack supports loops only in jam packs. macintosh computer with g3 600mhz processor or higher to use apple loops (g4 or g5 required for ...  95.99
0|time money & fractions grades 1-2 proven curriculum audio helps and clear examples help your child master essential skills. children remember what they have practiced because the exercises repeat and reinforce learning time. school zone 9.99|fifa world cup germany 06 for pc soccer fans worldwide can now take part in the excitement that is 2006 fifa world cup the only official videogame of the 2006 fifa world cup. immerse yourself in the worlds greatest sports tournament as you lead your nation from the qualification ...  7.99
0|adobe indesign cs3 [mac] explore more creative possibilities and experience new levels of productivity using adobe indesign cs3 page layout software. built for demanding workflows indesign integrates smoothly with the adobe tools you use every day streamlines repetitive tasks reliably outputs pages and offers powerful features for creating richer more complex documents. design and produce professional page layouts. import and place several files at the same time with the new multi-file place feature. in the new indesign cs3 workspace you can collapse panels as horizontally labeled icons. add gradient stops to create a feather effect. explore new creative possibilities discover a world of design possibilities with indesign cs3. expanded creative tools and options allow you to experiment quickly and flexibly and create sophisticated effects for text images and objects from within your page layout application. apply effects such as inner glows and bevels without having to update linked files. finer transparency control allows you to apply transparency independently on an object's stroke fill or content. fade objects into the background using gradient feathers. and set beautiful typography using professional tools. be more productive boost your efficiency through new and enhanced productivity tools that make it faster and easier to lay out export and print graphically rich pages. support for styled tables and table cells as well as a host of powerful layout features including an expanded find/change feature allow you to easily apply global formatting and consistently edit text and objects. and work efficiently thanks to tight integration with other adobe tools and technologies; native file format support; and consistent reliable adobe pdf output. automate routine tasks save time and money by automating production workflows using indesign cs3. from robust long-document support to flexible xml import indesign offers powerful features that minimize repetitive tasks. streamline the creation of long documents with features such as advanced bullets and numbering as well as running headers and footers. accelerate routine tasks by writing scripts and generate layouts from xml content with flexible and robust script-based rules. audience benefit graphic designers discover new levels of creative freedom and productivity with adobe indesign cs3 software. tightly integrated with the adobe applications you use most indesign cs3 delivers efficient production workflows and a more fluid creative environment for designing professional layouts with sophisticated graphics and typography. adobe pagemaker users there's never been a better time for pagemaker users to switch to adobe indesign cs3 software. with its built-in support for familiar pagemaker features such as multiple undo robust style support flexible gradients easy table creation and more indesign cs3 brings you a new level of creative freedom and productivity. it's also packed with features to help smooth your transition including support for converting pagemaker 6.0-7.x files a set of pagemaker compatible keyboard shortcuts and popular pagemaker features such as data merge and print booklet for imposition. with an exclusive upgrade price for licensed pagemaker users indesign cs3 delivers superb functionality at a compelling value. print service providers adobe indesign cs3 software addresses the needs of print professionals worldwide for reliable consistent output controls. encourage your customers to preflight and package their indesign projects to help ensure smoother handoffs. prevent costly errors on press by evaluating and adjusting separations overprint and transparency flattener settings onscreen. then use print presets to output files more efficiently. easily set up high-end adobe pdf-based print production workflows automate processes using jdf and provide adobe pdf export presets to customers to get the best results. with indesign cs3 you can exercise exacting control over your print production workflow. it professionals and developers invest in adobe indesign cs3 software for professional page layout to help streamline production reduce costs and increase quality in your publishing workflows. tight integration with other adobe applications and built-in support for native adobe file formats helps shorten production cycles while better supporting all-digital workflows. indesign snippets style sets custom workspaces and other resources allow teams to work more efficiently and consistently. flexible xml import and export controls plus robust scripting support lay a strong foundation for automating workflows and efficiently publishing to multiple media. join leading publishers and design organizations worldwide in achieving higher productivity with better quality and lower costs using indesign cs3. the effects button is one of many new options included in the context-sensitive control panel (above) as well as being available in the effects panel itself. top ten new features creative effects and controls design compelling page layouts that include transparency creative effects and gradient feathers. since effects are live and nondestructive you can experiment with ease. apply effects independently to an object's stroke fill or content. productivity enhancements perform a variety of tasks more efficiently using new and enhanced productivity features including multi-file place quick apply faster frame fitting and the visual pages panel. table and cell styles quickly and consistently format tables using table and cell styles. even use regional cell styles to apply unique formatting to specific areas of a table such as its header footer and body. robust long-document support maintain consistency and streamline the production of long documents using advanced bullets and numbering running headers and footers and synchronized master pages. advanced find/change on text and objects apply changes to text and object attributes across one or more documents. include master pages footnotes and locked or hidden layers in a search; save search settings for easy reuse; and perform grep pattern-based searches on strings of text. xhtml export enable multiformat publishing including print-to-web workflows by exporting adobe indesign content as xhtml. edit the exported content in adobe dreamweaver cs3 software (available separately) and automatically format it using cascading style sheets. intuitive and customizable workspace work in an environment that makes it easier to be productive. keep just the tools panels and menus you use most at your fingertips and dock self-adjusting panels out of the way when not in use to free up your workspace. placed indesign files reuse layouts by placing indd files in another indesign document. links remain intact and indesign automatically notifies you of updates to the linked indd file. rule-based layouts from xml use scripts that apply rules to automatically build page layouts and format text and graphics from xml content. automation through scripting automate tasks by writing scripts in javascript applescript and vbscript. attach a javascript to a menu command so it runs automatically when the command is chosen and protect scripts for commercial use through enhanced javascript. create xhtml files for product listings and more. you can select the objects you want to export to xhtml if you don't want to export an entire document. inspect and manage xml data with the structure pane. additional features extensive integration work smoothly with adobe photoshop illustrator acrobat incopy and dreamweaver software; enjoy consistency by using shared presets and color settings; work more efficiently with native file format support; and easily publish to multiple media. reliable prepress and printing have confidence in your output. get accurate consistent results every time you print using sophisticated preview capabilities exporting reliable adobe pdf files and sharing custom presets. professional typographical controls compose beautiful typography using professional controls including the paragraph composer opentype fonts drop caps glyphs and optical kerning and margin alignment. full-featured tables create richly formatted tables. import tab-delimited text files and styled microsoft word or excel tables or build tables in indesign. apply a wide variety of formatting options manually or using table and cell styles. smart text handling control your text with intelligent text-handling features including the ability to import styled text from microsoft word files apply complex text wraps around objects and comprehensively replace fonts. scripting and extensibility accelerate and simplify workflows by automating processes using scripts and extending the capabilities of indesign using the extendscript toolkit. creative effects apply new visual effects such as inner glow or bevel and emboss using an interface that's consistent with adobe photoshop to specify offset angle and other options. apply effects independently to an object's stroke fill and content. gradient feathers create beautiful effects by applying masks that contain gradients so the objects fade into the background. customize options such as gradient angles and fade rates all within adobe indesign. adobe-standard user interface get up to speed quickly with familiar commands tools panels and keyboard shortcuts. backward compatibility open quarkxpress 3.3-4.1x files pagemaker 6.0-7.x files and files created in earlier versions of adobe indesign in indesign interchange (inx) format in indesign cs3 to keep working with legacy files. adobe photoshop and adobe pdf layer support control the visibility of layers in imported photoshop and pdf files. experiment with design options or use multiple variations of a file in your layout all while linking to a single file. adobe pdf file export use built-in adobe pdf export presets--or create custom presets--to consistently and reliably create adobe pdf files for electronic review or final output. create iso-standard pdf/x-1a and pdf/x-3 files for high-resolution cmyk printing as well as pdf/x-4 (draft) files. table and cell styles quickly and consistently format tables using table and cell styles. even use regional cell styles to apply unique formatting to specific areas of a table such as its header footer and body. multiple undo/redo experiment freely and retrace multiple steps using the undo and redo commands. high-resolution graphics preview display graphics in high resolution for precision work or to preview the graphics within your layout. easily switch back to lower resolution view for faster onscreen display. enhanced control panel see more options in the context-sensitive control panel including transparency text wrap and rotation. customize the panel to show the options you use most frequently. custom print presets define and share custom print presets among service providers and customers for a fast reliable way to print jobs that require consistent settings for many print options. jdf integration between adobe indesign and acrobat pass jdf job information to acrobat with adobe pdf files that you export from indesign. print service providers can then streamline prepress and print processes using jdf automation. output previews prevent mistakes from occurring on press by checking plates overprinting and ink limits and help ensure the best results when printing transparency effects using output preview panels. use overprint preview mode to proof spot-color effects and overprint settings. preflight and packaging avoid delays and costly production errors by preflighting documents to check for problems. then package them for print or web handoff or export them as adobe pdf files. consistent color synchronize icc-based color management settings across adobe applications to achieve consistent color onscreen. exchange swatches across the components of adobe creative suite 3 design software. flexible xml workflows use xml rules to dynamically generate documents with formatting and graphics based on imported xml and apply xslt style sheets when importing or exporting xml content. automation through scripting automate tasks by writing scripts in javascript applescript and vbscript. attach a javascript to a menu command so it runs automatically when the command is chosen and protect scripts for commercial use through enhanced javascript. extendscript utility use the extendscript toolkit to create edit and debug javascripts in indesign. adobe 699|h&r block taxcut premium federal and state with e-file efile software - mac/win tax & finance software taxcut premium federal and state with e-file software for mac and windows the taxcut premium federal and state with e-file software from h&r block is a tax preparation program that gives you the tools necessary to prepare and file your federal and ...  54.95
0|neuratron photoscore professional 4  sibelius software ltd. 199.99|10517940 symantec client security with groupware protection business pack - ( v. 3.1 ) - symantec 10517940 : usually ships in 24 hours : in stock : symantec client security business packs proactively protect your business from viruses spyware and hackers.  3323.92
0|mavis beacon 17 standard mavis beacon 17 standard (win 98 me 2000 xp/mac 10.2 or higher) encore software 19.95|encore inc 28453 midway arcade treasures win 98 me 2000 xp midway arcade treasures (win 98 me 2000 xp) encore inc 19.38
0|state standards - grade 8 state standards grade 8 has everything you need to help your child succeed. in one package you'll help your son or daughter understand state tests and get passing grades on them. diagnose problem areas improve results and print out progress-monitoring reports. covers everything a child is expected to know when at the 3rd grade level. topics entertainment 29.95|cf scan card 5m with adapter type ii cf withclass1laser barcode scanner (is5031-622) cf scan card 5m with adapter type ii cf withclass1laser barcode scanner brand: socket communications inc. mpn: is5031-622 variant name: cf scan card 5m with adapter type ii cf withclass1laser barcode scanner  393.59
0|monarch v9.0 1u . monarch v9.0 1u - datawatch 699|kids power fun for little ones with kids power fun for little ones you'll give your child a great new way to stay entertained while learning all kinds of important skills. clifford musical memory games join clifford the big red dog and his pals on birdwell island for hours of ...  15.9
0|enteractive fps creator ( windows ) with fps creator you can create your own shooter game with pixel-perfect precision. create your game instantly with the intuitive 3d editor -- drag and drop walls lights doors enemies ammo weapons and more. when you've got things placed where you want them you can drop in weapons enemies objectives trigger zones customise the loading screens create your own ai scripts and everything else that makes a great shooter game. once you're done you can play your game with a click! enteractive inc. 0|adobe photoshop cs3 (mac os x v.10.4.8) create powerful images with the professional standardadobe photoshop cs3 software accelerates your path from imagination to imagery. ideal for photographers graphic designers and web designers the professional standard delivers new features ...  649
0|reader rabbit learn to read phonics pre kindergarten hop down the road to readingreadiness with reader rabbit by your side!product informationthere's no better companion on the road to reading readiness than trustedlearning pal reader rabbit. expertly designed for eager pre-readers thisdelightful program ge the learning company 9.99|steve kaufman homespun the art of guitar crosspicking this bluegrass flatpicking style with its rolling complex sound has become an integral part of every hot bluegrass guitarist's arsenal. in this dvd steve kaufman teaches seven songs using this technique: back up and push ? blue ridge mountain blu  22.13
0|instant immersion french deluxe 2.0 topics entertainment instant immersion french deluxe 2.0 you set the pace for learning with this series of personalized beginner intermediate and advanced programs. with entertaining instruction on 20 key lessons including vocabulary grammar and phonetics you will quickly start speaking reading and writing french windows pc only topics entertainment 49.99|punch software 38100 punch! super home suite (small box) our bestselling premium home design software with professional yet easy-to-use features! punch! super home suite - 7 powerful programs in one that launch from the same interface! punch super suite includes: 3d home design 3d landscaping estimating ... punch software 45.99
0|print shop 22 pro publisher deluxe with print shop pro publisher deluxe 22 you can unlock your publishing potential! this software is your complete source for designing powerful publications for all of your home and business needs is bigger and better than ever. it's the simple effective way to create banners business cards cd/dvd labels signs greeting cards invitations and more! small business center dvd for windows - requires pc with dvd drive to run encore 99.99|fogware publishing weekly reader ls mastering high school 2008 developed by educational experts the weekly reader mastering high school learning system provides a complete and proven system for accelerated learning. all core subjects are covered with 86 of the best educational titles available. lessons are ...  24.91
0|cadopia 6 standard edition by cadopia cadopia 6 standard edition win xp 2k nt 4.0 global marketing partners 295|aspyr media sid meiers civilization iv - mac rule throughout time and create your own legacy as you guide your civilization from the dawn of man through the space age and beyond.  44.99
0|upgrade freehand 11 maceng cd 1u model- adbcd57668mc vendor- adobe software features- freehand mx for mac- upgrade version macromedia freehand mx upgrade from freehand 9.x. note: to install upgrade successfully you will need a licensed version of macromedia freehand 9.x on the same platform as this purchase. use freehand mx for creative design storyboarding multipage document production and editing with an unparalleled set of creative design tools. easily repurpose your designs for print the internet or macromedia flash. * workflow: - graphic symbols help you streamline the creation and update of repetitive elements across your designs. once you ve defined an object or group as a symbol you can place an instance of that symbol throughout your document. when edits or updates are needed simply make your changes to the symbol and all instances are automatically updated. instances can be transformed individually with different attributes- such as effects-without breaking their relationship to the parent symbol. symbols are managed in the library panel. symbol libraries can also be shared across multiple documents allowing you to store commonly used elements-such as logos or navigation buttons-for use in all your designs. because only one definition of a graphic is stored using symbols in macromedia flash projects creates smaller swf files for faster web downloads. - all freehand mx panels and non-modal dialogs share a common look feel and behavior-enhancing workflow. panels you frequently use can be left open and out of the work area by docking with standard panel sets making it easy to customize the interface-and make your workspace more efficient. - freehand mx uses anti-ali adobe 274.95|enfocus software ip4.0-sg-001 - instantpdf 4.0 single full enfocus software ip4.0-sg-001 : enfocus software instantpdf 4.0 single full - ip4.0-sg-001  211.97
0|enteractive fps creator ( windows ) with fps creator you can create your own shooter game with pixel-perfect precision. create your game instantly with the intuitive 3d editor -- drag and drop walls lights doors enemies ammo weapons and more. when you've got things placed where you want them you can drop in weapons enemies objectives trigger zones customise the loading screens create your own ai scripts and everything else that makes a great shooter game. once you're done you can play your game with a click! enteractive inc. 0|i copy dvds 2 ultra edition make perfect dvd copies the ultimate in dvd backup and burning technology in one box! all the power and ease of use of icopydvds2 and burn suite 2005 pro together in a single package! with the fastest burn engine available and advanced support for ...  29.9
0|instant immersion hawaiian audio  topics entertainment 0|classics the: the piano (audio book) a new worldwide audio standard for classical music! the high definition classics recordings produce an indescribable depth of sound. enjoy the lush classical sounds and dynamic interpretations of the piano an innovative 4-volume 16-disc audio ...  29.95
0|ca arcserve bkup r11.5 win svrless bkup opt sp1- prod only arcserve bkup r11.5 win svrless bkup opt sp1- prod only computer associates 0|emc auth mgr mnt ent/ext 17m per/u 2505-3500 u - aut0003500ee17   22
0|mcafee virusscan plus - 3 user you love cruising and using the internet. there are hackers out there ready to pounce on you and your computer - causing in all sorts of harm. mcafee 3-in-1 virusscan plus antivirus firewall antispyware pc protection 2008 software is necessary to safeguard your pc from viruses hackers and other culprits that want to harm it and you. it offers 1-year of protection constantly updated to keep your system's protection current. so cruise and use the web in comfort. be assured that you're protected by a leader in pc and internet security. stops viruses - automatically blocks cleans and removes viruses so you can surf the web safely and download files blocks spyware - blocks spyware before it installs on your computer and removes existing spyware so you can surf the web safely stops hackers. protects and conceals your computer from hackers always on and working in the background providing updates for 1 year after installation to your pc. 24/7 virus and threat protection from mcafee avert labs continuously monitors worldwide virus activities and provides immediate anti-virus protection and removal solutions daily updates are installed automatically. when a new version of mcafee is available you get it automatically at no charge during your subscription ensuring that you always have up-to-date protection - for up to 1-year (renewable) mcafee systemguards watches your computer for specific behaviors that may signal virus spyware or hacker activity siteadvisor adds safety ratings to sites and search engine results based on comprehensive spam adware and online scam safety tests stealth mode can hide your presence on the internet making your computer invisible to hackers mcafee securitycenter makes it simple to review your computer's security status check for updates and fix potential security issues mcafee 59.99|adobe cs3 web standard system requirements powerpc g4 or g5 or intel core processor mac os x v10.4.8 java runtime environment 1.5 1gb ram 4.5gb free hard-disk space (additional space required during installation) 1024 x 768 display resolution with 16-bit video card ...  1035.99
0|acad corel painter x pc/mac - marketing information: painter x the worldandquot;s most powerful natural-media painting and illustration software features unique digital brushes art materials and textures that mirror the look and feel of their traditional counterparts. setting the standard for digital painting and illustration the corel painter x digital art studio introduces new composition tools unparalleled performance and the all-new realbristle painting system that models traditional brushes like never before right down the individual bristles on the brush. product information - software sub type: creativity application - software name: painter x - complete product - features and benefits: increased performance: - corel painter x has been optimized to provide artists with the fastest version of painter ever depending on system hardware brushes perform up to 35% faster new realbristle painting system: - the new realbristle painting system heightens the responsiveness of the brush and represents a major milestone for digital painting new composition tools: - new composition tools help artists and photographers visually arrange a blank canvas prior to sketching or painting or create an aesthetically pleasing composition from a photo using the divine proportion tool and the rule of thirds new workspace manager: - corel painter x allows you to easily customize and back up your workspaces as well as export and share them with your friends and colleagues enhanced photo-paint corel 155.22|avery c32011 quick & clean business cards 200gsm card for use with mono... design and print your own business cards simply add graphics and print from your desktop.smooth edges with no perforations for a high quality finish and no card curl after separation  14.86 gbp
0|the guild 2 - pirates of the seas the guild 2: pirates of the seas is the first true life simulation series that brings you into the age of piracy. it's a fascinating realistic look at a dangerous & thrilling era in history. in this expansion to the original guild you'll add a huge new playing area and new like the hanse located at the shores of the european seas. sea battles and naval trading are added to the gameplay and a new campaign mode provides more than 10 hours of additional fun. new professions - pirate and medicus dreamcatcher interactive 29.99|panda software govt gatdef 8200 av mod 251-500u 2yr - b2pgdcave-gov   24
0|omniweb 5.0  omni group 29.99|world book 2006 overview with over 87 years of experience and a global reputation for unsurpassed excellence world book 2006 is firmly established as the premier reference source for students parents teachers and librarians. now the 1 name in reliability and ...  17.9
0|wasp bar code - wasp bar code labeler - complete package - 3 users - std - cd -  wasp technologies 0|palo alto software bppx - palo alto business plan 2007 pro - complete product - business planning - 1 user - complete product - standard - pc palo alto software bppx : business plan pro 2007 is the 1 selling business planning software providing everything you need to produce a profession business plan that gets results. system requirements: cd-rom enclosed (no cd-rom with download only ...  83.97
0|nortel contivity stateful firewall license - standard - 1 switch license - - 1 switch(es) - standard - english nortel 0|ws6-eng-l-ap vmware workstation - ( v. 6 ) - license - 1 user - edu - linux - english vmware ws6-eng-l-ap : usually ships in 24 hours : in stock : vmware workstation is a powerful desktop virtualization software for software developers/testers and enterprise it professionals that runs multiple operating systems simultaneously on a ...  129.71
0|cubase se3 educational edition *to qualify for steinberg educational edition products customers must have a current student or faculty id card. after you place your order fax a copy of the id to (831) 477-1206 or email to id@steinbergupgrades(dot)com. music creation & production system cubase se3 offers a budget-priced music production system for composing recording editing and mixing your music. using professional audio technologies cubase se3 features a 32-bit floating point audio engine 24-bit/96 khz recording unlimited midi tracks and automatic plug-in compensation throughout the entire signal path. a plethora of audio and midi features powerful editors and a complete set of effect plug-ins round off the impressive feature set. and with cubase se3 youre using a system thats compatible with all current cubase products used in professional studios around the world. steinberg 0|punch software 90500 home design studio - mac we've taken our bestselling benchmark home design technology and developed it to the next level - for macintosh users! we've taken our bestselling benchmark home design technology and developed it to the next level - for macintosh users! punch! ... punch software 135.99
0|notetaker 1.5 notetaker for os x v1.5 - aquaminds software (mac 10.0 or higher) aquaminds 69.99|daniel abrams play piano by ear - level 1 level 1 daniel abrams' complete piano course is perfect for beginners who don't read music but who want to learn to play songs for pleasure. he teaches several popular tunes in measure-by-measure detail and explains how to apply his teachings to ...  36.67
0|sony sound forge audio studio 8 sound forge audio studio 8 is the professional's choice for audio editing recording effects processing streaming content creation and more. these tools make it easy to record audio on your pc. just plug a microphone or instrument into your computer's sound card set your recording levels and click record. capture instruments vocals keyboards or just about anything that can be connected to your computer's sound card input.if you want to record music edit and restore audio create streaming media and burn songs to cd sound forge audio studio software is all you need. multiple effects - effects amplitude modulation chorus delay distortion dynamics flange/wah-wah noise gate and more track at once cd burning with drag-and-drop cd extraction simple dtmf/mf synthesis with sweep express fx vinyl restoration tool real-time loop tuning window record meters and record function video and media encoding support - windows media 9 realmedia 9 quicktime 6 mpeg-1 & 2 multiple timing tools -- absolute frames measures and beats smpte ebu/film sync and more tools for acid software - create your own loops assign root notes number of beats and tempo sony pictures digital entertainment 69.99|quickstudy us government using animations real-time quizzes and a fun interface quickstudy us government gives users the tools they need to master the complexities of the us political system. the curriculum-based lessons cover citizenship principles of democracy ...  8.95
0|serious magic visual communicator 2.0 web visual communicator 2 allows you to quickly and easily create video presentations that capture attention establish a personal connection with your audience and deliver content like never before. it's easy to implement easy to use and it integrates seamlessly with your existing content. it even gives you the flexibility to create once and then deploy for intranet internet cd-rom and dvd. best of all most users report that it pays for itself the first time used. visual communicator 2 is a simple cost-effective software solution that measurably improves training effectiveness. professional background replacement - the included green backdrop digitally replaces any image graphic or video clip. put yourself in front of a tv-style animation an exotic location or in front of your company's logo or new product. publish your video inside a web page in the graphical theme of your choice - no need to learn html web-page editing visual communicator creates the pages for you and uploads in one click! clip-on mic included serious magic 199.99|myob compatible laser multipurpose checks compatible with bestbooks windows 1.0 & mac 1.0 myob windows 4.0-7.0 & mac 4.0 and higher.  106.29
0|aquarium 3 in 1 collection - limited edition for win/mac aquarium 3-in-one limited edition (win 95 98 me 2000 xp) encore software 19.99|adobe acrobat (v8.0) pro win up from std - adobe - 22020452 communicate and collaborate with the essential pdf solution adobeacrobat 8 professional software enables business professionals toreliably create combine and control adobe pdf documents for easy more secure distribution collaboration and data ...  151.27 gbp
0|the printshop business card maker (jewel case)  riverdeep - learning company 9.99|microsoft molpc isa svr ent ed 2006 25cpu lic 200pt - f89-01407   65644
0|adobe creative suite cs3 production premium upgrade note: this is the upgrade version of adobe creative suite 3 production premium. maximize your productivity with adobe creative suite 3 production premium upgrade software the total post-production solution available for both mac and windows. tighter-than-ever integration between adobe's all-new video audio and design tools--now including adobe flash cs3 professional software--offers a smooth workflow from concept to delivery. reach the widest possible audience by delivering content to film video dvd blu-ray disc the web and mobile devices. photoshop cs3 extended for new dimensions in digital imaging illustrator cs3 for powerful vector graphics creation flash cs3 professional for creating rich interactive content adobe premiere pro cs3 for capturing editing and delivering video adobe encore cs3 for preparing dvd titles adobe after effects cs3 professional for industry-standard motion graphics and visual effects put ideas in motion with the total post-production solution produce visually innovative work faster and more easily with new adobe creative suite 3 production premium software for mac and windows. audience benefit corporate and event videographers--you only have one chance to capture that critical shot and with small crews and tight deadlines you need to work fast for clients who demand high production values. adobe creative suite 3 production premium combines the latest versions of adobe's video audio and design tools allowing you to capture events directly to disc; work fast with precision editing tools; create blockbuster effects with adobe after effects cs3 professional and photoshop cs3 extended software; create and match audio to your visuals with adobe soundbooth software; and deliver content however your clients need it whether on tape dvd or blu-ray disc the web or mobile devices. unmatched integration and productivity tools allow you to move quickly between applications keeping you on schedule without sacrificing high-quality results. motion graphics professionals--for visual effects creation motion graphics and compositing you need to meet tight deadlines for clients who expect the highest quality productions. adobe creative suite 3 production premium helps you deliver results using the industry's leading motion graphics tool adobe after effects cs3 professional software tightly integrated with adobe photoshop cs3 extended illustrator adobe premiere pro and other components to enable maximum flexibility and performance. create multilayered composites rich animation and high-quality graphics for films television commercials bumpers and promos as well as for dvd or online content within the fluid unified environment of production premium. independent filmmakers--your passion is storytelling. your challenge is finding the right software to handle every aspect of the production process and deliver high-quality results. adobe creative suite 3 production premium helps meet this need with a complete toolset combining the latest versions of adobe's industry-leading software components for capturing footage directly to disc performing nonlinear video and audio editing producing motion graphics and visual effects authoring to dvd and outputting content as flv or swf files for the web and mobile devices. tell your story with stunning impact to the widest possible audience with production premium. visually manage assets in adobe bridge test mobile designs in adobe device central coordinate with team members using adobe version cue host real-time web-based meetings with adobe acrobat connect educators--adobe creative suite 3 production premium is a total post-production solution combining full new versions of adobe's world-class design and graphics tools. with production premium you can work with every aspect of visual design animation video film and disc production cost effectively and via a single integrated interface. create promotional materials such as websites that feature video content prepare students for working with a wide range of file formats on both windows and mac platforms and deliver your work across multiple media types. interactive designers--integrating video into interactive projects is increasingly part of authoring rich engaging experiences whether for a dvd an interactive display websites or emerging mobile markets. adobe creative suite 3 production premium offers all the essential tools needed for interactive authoring including new releases of adobe photoshop illustrator after effects and flash software. save time as you work fluidly between after effects and flash generating sophisticated graphics and animations for your interactive projects. top new features in adobe creative suite 3 production premium new adobe after effects cs3 professional take advantage of innovative new features in adobe after effects cs3 professional such as shape layers for flexible drawing and animation of vector shapes; the puppet tool an intuitive new approach to shape animation; and brainstorm to quickly experiment and refine designs using parameters you define. new adobe premiere pro cs3 and adobe onlocation cs3* (windows version) make every phase of video production more efficient with adobe premiere pro cs3 as well as adobe onlocation cs3* (formerly the award-winning dv rack hd now included in the production premium box) a powerful set of direct-to-disc recording and on-set monitoring tools to help produce high-quality video footage while shooting with an sd or hd camera. achieve dramatic effects using improved slow motion with variable speed control in adobe premiere pro cs3. new adobe photoshop cs3 extended and illustrator cs3 enhance your video productions with the highest quality images and vector illustrations. with adobe photoshop cs3 extended use new video layer support to edit and paint your video frame by frame or clone between frames. illustrator cs3 provides new document profiles for video with safe areas specific to your output. now with adobe cs3 flash professional market your services through your own rich interactive website using adobe flash cs3 professional. work in flash using a familiar adobe interface and familiar video workflows. export flash video with cue points from after effects adobe premiere pro and adobe soundbooth and move animations easily between after effects and flash. innovative new adobe soundbooth cs3 for audio designed for creative professionals adobe soundbooth cs3 delivers focused tools to quickly accomplish everyday audio tasks--even if audio production isn't your specialty. fast and intuitive soundbooth makes it easy to remove noise from recordings polish voice-overs customize music and sound effects to fit a production and much more. new adobe encore cs3 author once and then output to multiple media types. use a familiar adobe interface to author a single encore cs3 project and then export to standard-definition dvds high-definition blu-ray discs and interactive dvd-style swf-based experiences for immediate use on the web. extensive integration for exceptional productivity tighter-than-ever integration between photoshop and after effects and between after effects illustrator adobe premiere pro encore soundbooth and flash streamlines your workflow making it easier than ever to move projects and files between component applications and work with a common user interface. in addition adobe bridge offers new file type support and metadata previews. available for mac and windows work on the platform of your choice. adobe creative suite 3 production premium is now available for both mac and windows and is supported by a broad selection of books training materials third-party plug-ins and leading industry partners including the openhd partner alliance. expanded output options including video for mobile phones reach a broader audience using a wider range of formats and devices. use the adobe media encoder to export 3gp and h.264 video for mobile phones ipods and psp systems and other mobile devices from after effects adobe premiere pro and soundbooth. preview the results for supported mobile devices using adobe device central cs3. use adobe encore cs3 to author dvds high-definition blu-ray discs and interactive dvd-style swf-based experiences. quick effective keying with new adobe ultra cs3 transform keying into a practical daily production tool for all types of video projects with adobe ultra cs3 software. create highly realistic background composites with drag-and-drop simplicity even from marginal video sources and customize hundreds of virtual sets included in master sets library 1 a collection of virtual sets with alternate angles motion tracking and scaling to put your subject in the set not just in front of it. output in broadcast quality to a wide range of advanced file formats. improve efficiency and incorporate a tapeless workflow during shoots by using adobe onlocation cs3 to monitor your camera's video signal and record it directly to a computer hard drive. adobe soundbooth cs3 for creating and editing audio quickly and intuitively additional features future-ready tools for delivery of video content anywhere meet today's production demands and tomorrow's challenges head on. broad support for leading standards and formats an open approach to hardware and platform support a rich ecosystem of plug-ins and other third-party solutions and the ability to deliver video content to new types of devices--from mobile to blu-ray disc--give you a competitive edge. no more intermediate rendering thanks to adobe dynamic link enjoy greater freedom to experiment with new ideas without having to wait for intermediate rendering. exclusively available in production premium adobe dynamic link allows you to edit a composition in after effects and view your updates instantly in adobe premiere pro and adobe encore. engaging online experiences leveraging new adobe flash cs3 use the industry's most advanced interactive authoring environment to integrate your video content into uniquely engaging websites presentations and mobile content. export layered vector animations from after effects to flash import swf files as vectors into after effects and encode flv files with cue points from after effects adobe premiere pro and soundbooth. compositing and animation with new adobe after effects cs3 professional innovative new features make the industry standard even more essential. adobe after effects cs3 software offers new shape layers for drawing and animating vector shapes an intuitive new approach to shape animation using the puppet tool new integration with flash and photoshop and dramatically improved performance so you can maintain your creative momentum. real-time editing with new adobe premiere pro cs3 adobe encore cs3 and adobe onlocation cs3* (windows version) now available for mac and windows adobe premiere pro cs3 software offers scalable efficient and flexible nonlinear video editing with improved slow-motion capabilities and delivery options. support for hd hdv sd and dv gives you the flexibility to deliver high-quality work. use encore cs3 to create full-featured menu-driven standard-definition dvds high-definition blu-ray discs and interactive dvd-style swf-based experiences for immediate use on the web. in windows enjoy new direct-to-disc recording and on-set monitoring tools to help produce high-quality video footage with adobe onlocation cs3. image editing and graphics creation with adobe photoshop cs3 and illustrator cs3 integrate images and graphics for use in your productions. with adobe photoshop cs3 extended use new video layer support to edit and paint your video frame by frame or clone between frames. use advanced drawing texturing coloring tracing and typography tools to create vector artwork with adobe illustrator cs3 software. fast intuitive audio editing and creation with adobe soundbooth cs3 adobe soundbooth cs3 lets you take command of your audio in film video or flash projects with convenient task-based tools that make high-quality audio production more efficient even if audio production isn't your specialty. video production and preview for mobile devices use the adobe media encoder in after effects adobe premiere pro and soundbooth to export 3gp and h.264 video for mobile phones ipods and psp systems and other mobile devices. preview the results for supported devices using adobe device central cs3. *for macintosh users adobe onlocation requires boot camp and windows (purchased separately) or a separate windows based computer. adobe creative suite 3: what's in each edition? adobe creative suite 3 editions design premium design standard web premium web standard production premium master collection adobe photoshop cs3 extended adobe photoshop cs3 adobe illustrator cs3 adobe indesign cs3 adobe acrobat 8 professional adobe flash cs3 professional adobe dreamweaver cs3 adobe contribute cs3 adobe fireworks cs3 adobe after effects cs3 professional adobe premiere pro cs3 adobe soundbooth cs3 adobe encore cs3 adobe onlocation * adobe ultra cs3 * additional features and services in adobe creative suite 3 adobe bridge cs3 adobe version cue cs3 adobe device central cs3 adobe dynamic link adobe stock photos adobe acrobat connect * adobe ultra runs on microsoft windows only. for macintosh users adobe onlocation requires bootcamp and windows (purchased separately) or a separate windows-based computer. adobe 799|encore software 11630 - monopoly tycoon - win 98 me 2000 xp encore software 11630 : monopoly tycoon rolls simulation and strategy into one game! build businesses and watch your profits grow in real-time! don t stop until you own it all! system requirements: minimum system requirements: operating system: ...  7.69
0|red hat entprse linux as 3 amd ( rhf0211us ) red hat's support services provide flexible and cost-effective coverage for your operating infrastructure. red hat offers multiple options for coverage type hours response times and number of authorized contacts to suit your individual needs. red hat software 0|microsoft(r) works suite 2006 with six great microsoft products in one affordable package microsoft works suite 2006 has something for everyone. a great home pc starter kit this suite includes:microsoft works 8encarta(r) encyclopedia standard 2006digital image standard ...  99.99
0|3d home architect home design deluxe version 9 3d home architect home design deluxe version 9 is the ultimate high quality home design tool that will assist you transforming the idea of your dream home in a reality--all at a value price. taking home design to the next level home design deluxe offers a wide variety of features that utilize the latest design techniques and technologies. take a 3d walk-through of your design design any room to your specifications drag-and-drop textures colors and objects into any room design your dream home with ease & accuracy whether you're designing the home of your dreams decorating a bathroom or just updating your kitchen the new intuitive interface provides you with tools to plan visualize and execute your design ideas. you also have the option of looking through ready-made home plans and rooms. product features create a structural frame for your home use the framing tool. use the roofing tool to decide on roofing styles and materials. view various remodeling options using the wide variety of material templates. browse through the large library of appliances and choose the one that's right for you. additional helpful capabilities choose from a wide variety of viewing options as you design your home. this dvd based design solution is powered by punch! software--the leader in high-end home design software. home designer v.9 is windows/mac compatible. the possibilities are endless with this all-in-one home design solution. interior design & decor design any room in your home to your exact specifications. choose from thousands of furnishings textures and color combinations. your design options are endless! 3d home tour when your home design is complete take a 3d walk-through tour of the inside or a 3d fly-around tour of the outside. doors & windows customize the size of each window and door using the design tools. encore 29.99|human body 360 megasystems key features: anatomy atlas medical dictionary ...  29.99
0|home design architect series 3000 v10.0 punch! home design architectural series 3000 combines 22 home design and landscape design software programs into one easy-to-use interface. regardless of your level of expertise punch! home design architectural series 3000 produces professional results! punch! software 149.95|xl-5130 - sewing machine xl-5130 - sewing machine  129.95
0|backup exec 10d win adv disk v10.1 lic only (e180518) general information - manufacturer: symantec corporation. - manufacturer part number: e180518 - marketing information: enables faster backups and restores through advanced disk-based backup and recovery including synthetic and off-host backups to perform zero impact backups. synthetic backups reduce backup windows and network bandwidth requirements and do not impact the original client. additionally synthetic backups allow for quick client restore from a single backup image to reduce the number of tapes and eliminate the need to restore from incremental backups. the off-host backup feature enables better backup performance and frees the remote computer by processing the backup operation of the remote computer on a backup exec media server instead of on the remote computer or host computer. product information - software type: backup and recovery - software name: backup exec 10d v.10.1 for windows servers advanced disk-based backup option - complete product - features and benefits: - full windows file system support - cluster configuration wizard - microsoft tape format read/write - microsoft operations manager support - graphical user interface / administration console - central admin server option - remote agent for linux and unix servers - desktop and laptop option - support for remote 64-bit windows systems - support for exchange server 2003 - support for sql 64-bit servers - support for oracle 10g - task wizards - backup via specified bac symantec corporation. 983.34|microsoft microsoft office 2004 software suite - mac apple & mac software microsoft office 2004 software suite - mac microsoft office 2004 standard edition for mac offers an expansive set of tools and integrated applications for creating managing and presenting information. a complete productivity solution microsoft ...  399.95
0|human body 360 human body 360 is the most comprehensive anatomy software for exploring the fascinating inner world of the human body! human body 360 holds a world of authoritative information on the world within the human body. this 2-dvd set features fully updated and complete information presented through spectacular multimedia displays high-resolution pictures and animation. it's a total guide to the interior workings of humanity. for serious students adults medical professionals megasystems 29.99|panda internet security 2007 panda software key features: identity protection antivirus personal firewall anti-spyware fraud protection anti-spam...  49.99
0|nero 8 ultra edition  nero inc. 99.95|10731 the print shop 22 pro publisher deluxe - complete package - 1 user - win encore software 10731 : usually ships in 24 hours : in stock : the print shop 22 pro publisher deluxe delivers more creative tools than any other print shop product along with the professional features you need to take control of your business ...  84.13
0|jeopardy! deluxe you've never been in jeopardy! like this before. choose money tiles in various categories and give the question to which each clue is the answer. enjoy the full tv-game experience with more puzzles and double jeopardy. full-screen mode for distraction-free gaming encore 19.99|microsoft windows xp pro oem sp2 no open box returns please note: this is just a disk. there is no box manual.. anything.  149.99
0|captain america the complete comic collection win/mac captain america: the complete collection lets you experience the amazing adventures of captain america the sentinel of liberty! during world war ii a skinny & sickly teenager named steve rogers was rejected by the army. desperate to fight the nazis he volunteered for a dangerous top-secret project: operation rebirth. the experiment turned small weak steve rogers into america's first super-soldier. he fought the axis for years but was thought dead in an arctic explosion. his enhanced body survived & was actually frozen in suspended animation; he was thawed out decades later & entered a country he no longer understood but continued to defend against the menaces threatening liberty & democratic principles. this collection lets you revisit and relive cap's great adventures. it covers every issue of captain america from 1964 to 2006 -- over 500 comics in all! git corp 49.95|legion arena system requirements: mac os x v10.3.9 or later 1ghz g4/g4/intel mac 256 mb ram 1 gb hd space 32 mb vram internet connection (for net play)  37.99
0|cluefinders 3rd grade adventures: mystery of mathra an entire year of 3rd grade in one thrillingadventure!product informationwhen exotic animals disappear and a world-famous scientist vanishes thecluefinders know something fishy's afoot. join these bold adventurers on aclue-searching trek into the depths o learning company 0|csdc macdrive 7 for windows - mediafour corp. share files between mac disks and windows. macdrive turns windows pcs and intel-based macs running boot camp into cross-platform file sharing powerhouses giving them the ability to open edit and save files from mac disks. with macdrive ther  39.61
0|real arcade: adventure inlay adventure inlay is brain-teasing game play that combines magic inlay and puzzle inlay. take off on a whirlwind tour in four exciting game modes: play the way you remember with all new puzzles and themes in traditional choose carefully in strategy uncover the secrets of the wild in revealer or solve challenging puzzles in enigma mode. loaded with stunning graphics and tons of brain-teasing action adventure inlay is an excursion your whole family will enjoy. let the adventure begin! activision 29.95|encore inc scooby doo glowing bug man a mysterious glowing bug man has sabotaged the halls of the museum and until the havoc stops the museums doors will stay closed. scooby and the gang will not only keep your child entertained but will also enhance their learning experience. fea  7.79
0|emedia piano and keyboard method volume 1 piano and keyboard method is a powerful and original new approach to building music skills! interactive lessons and multimedia exercises combine for a clear and easy-to-use learning method! emedia 59.99|component software: beyond object-oriented programming by clemens szyperski there has been an explosive growth in component software technologies since the first edition of this classic book was published. the advent of ejb j2ee corba 3 com+ and the .net framework are evidence of a maturing market in component software ...  59.99
0|microsoft visual studio team edition for software developers 2005 with msdn premium today's software systems comprise numerous distributed services spanning platforms protocols programming languages and even geographies. successful deployment of modern solutions depends on bridging the communication gap between development and operations so that the entire it department is represented early and often throughout the software lifecycle. microsoft visual studio team edition for software developers 2005 with msdn premium provides advanced development tools that enable teams to incorporate quality early and often throughout the development life cycle. the data that visual studio team system collects from the on-chip performance counters describes how your code behaves at its lowest level -- literally how the machine code is performing. view larger. visual studio team system helps you collect event trace for windows event data from a number of different providers. this detailed information helps you correlate the behavior of your application with its effect on the system. view larger. you can view the source code from any view that visual studio team system offers for the performance data collected about your application. view larger. featuring performance analysis tools that allow developers to measure evaluate and target performance-related issues in their code team edition for software developers can save time and resources and significantly improve quality by helping identify performance bottlenecks early on. (team edition for software developers can be purchased separately or as part of the visual studio team suite 2005 suite of programs.) team edition for software developers enables advanced developers to verify the performance and quality of the code they write. by integrating advanced tools into the visual studio ide team edition for software developers assists developers in detecting coding and security related issues earlier in the development cycle thereby reducing the overall cost of fixing code defects. in addition code analysis tools can be used as a part of the check-in policy for a nightly build process enabling development teams to correct defects before code is checked into the source tree. performance analysis tools allow developers to measure evaluate and target performance-related issues in their code providing the capability for developers to perform unit tests on their code modules during development. featuring a world-class development environment built on top of visual studio 2005 professional edition team edition for software developers consists of three main areas -- powerful tools tight integration and team collaboration. team edition for software developers offers developers access to the same advanced tools that microsoft uses to develop its desktop applications for code analysis performance profiling and verification. by integrating quality and verification tools in the development lifecycle developers can be more productive detect code defects earlier and decrease the time to deliver. team edition for software developers is tightly integrated within the visual studio 2005 team system thereby allowing enterprise developers as part of a productive development team to reduce the complexity of development and facilitate better communication and collaboration throughout the development process. by integrating all tasks within the visual studio ide sharing information between teams and roles has never been easier or more efficient. team edition for software developers also allows users come up to speed with the products quickly without the need for excessive expensive and time-consuming training and learning. tighter integration promotes better collaboration between it operations and application development resulting in greater business efficiencies and a more predictable development process. other advanced features include integrated static analysis tools for early detection of security and performance problems; automatic unit test generation for entire namespaces classes or individual methods; profiling tools for analyzing the performance and efficiency of running code; and visual studio 2005 team explorer for accessing all services and artifacts stored in visual studio team foundation server. msdn premium subscriptions team edition for software developers includes an msdn premium subscription. an msdn premium subscription provides continuous priority access to the technologies you need to support team edition for software developers and build a broad range of applications and web services including the latest versions of windows server 2003 windows 2000 server windows 2000 professional windows 2000 advanced server windows xp professional edition windows xp home edition and future windows releases. (usage rights are limited to development and testing only.) with the subscription your technical support includes unlimited usage of msdn managed newsgroups for online support with a guaranteed response time of two business days phone-based support incidents and free access to msdn online concierge for nontechnical questions regarding navigation of the msdn site knowledge base article searches and msdn subscriber downloads. also continuously updated technical content is available through the msdn library which offers comprehensive programming information code samples sample applications technical documentation and articles and the microsoft developer knowledge base. microsoft 5479|fluke networks intair-lap - interpretair wlan survey - complete product - network connectivity/management - 1 user(s) - complete product - standard - pc- free shipping fluke networks intair-lap : interpretair provides wireless lan installers and network professionals with the vision they need to plan deploy verify and document their 802.11a/b/g wlan networks. interpretair is a wireless site survey tool and much ...  3277.97
0|watchguard mobile user vpn 5 user bundle ( wg3605 ) bundle mobile user vpn 5u watchguard technologies inc 0|windows vista business sp - microsoft - 66j-00063   272.38 gbp
0|printshop home & office labels design label and organize like a pro! product information imagine always having the perfect label right at your fingertips! from mailing labels to cds stickers and more easily design your own colorful custom labels for every need. simply pick a template then personalize with lively graphics stylish fonts - even your favorite photos. it&rsquo;s fast fun and creative! product features 8 000+ premium images* 750+ project templates * address labels shipping labels cd labels diskettes & zip disks audio & video cassettes and more! windows requirements windows 98 me 2000 xp pentium 200 mhz processor or faster (pentium ii 300 mhz for xp) 64 mb ram (128 mb for xp) 410 mb free hard disk space (1) 800x600 monitor 16-bit color windows-compatible sound card & speakers 4x cd-rom drive microsoft internet explorer 5 or higher 33.6 kbps modem or faster and internet service provider account required for internet access. (2) (1) the amount of hard-disk space can vary if you already have required components installed on your system. internet explorer requires an additional 50 mb hard-disk space. (2) user is responsible for all internet access fees and phone charges. * images on cd: 8 000+. images available online: 52 000. projects on cd: 750+. projects available online: 50+. user registration required to access online images and templates. the online services advertised as part of this product may be changed or discontinued at any time for any reason. broderbund 19.95|9002 refviz - ( v. 2 ) - complete package - 1 user - mac niles software 9002 : usually ships in 24 hours : : how will you approach your next literature search? try refviz a text analysis and visualization software application designed to evaluate the literature.  160.88
0|arcmedia spelling bee (windows/macintosh) spelling bee is fun for kids and adults too! product information here's a new twist to an old favorite. a great way to learn to spell words correctly. just listen to the word and hear it in a sentence then try to spell the word. spell the word right and you will see a photograph. be careful...don't let the time run out. you can play by yourself or with a friend. on the play screen you can select to hear the word hear the sentence click on set-up or options or click on new word. the screen also shows the two players names along with the number of words they spelled correctly above their name. in the center of the screen you will see the photograph of the word you are asked to spell with the block below that window where you are to spell the word provided. a great way to learn how to spell learning english as a second language so it helps in also providing a photograph or perhaps preparing for the spelling bee contest at school. product features 1 or 2 can play you can select easy or hard words allows you select the number of tries to spell each word - up to three tries keeps score turn timer on or off over 1 500 words windows requirements windows 98 me xp 486 or faster processor 16 mb ram (24 mb recommended) 640x480 monitor 16-bit color sound blaster compatible sound card & speakers 4x cd-rom drive macintosh requirements mac os 7.0&ndash;9.2 os x classic 16 mb ram (24 mb recommended) 640x480 monitor thousands of colors 4x cd-rom drive arcmedia 24.95|jaws unleashed nature's ultimate predator has been unleashed. you are jaws! prey upon fearsome bosses: killer whales giant squid and more. devour everything in sight and terrorize the amity island community. wreak havoc with a range of underwater surface and air ...  7.95
0|extensis intellihance pro 4.x win/mac extensis intellihance pro 4 quickly and dynamically enhances images to make themlook their best. compare and print up to 25 professional enhancement variations at once. photoshop users have long preferred intellihance pro for color correcting and enhancing images. intellihance pro automatically analyzes and corrects images from any source including digital cameras flatbed and drum scanners or original digital artwork. mac os x and photoshop cs compatible intellihance pro 4.1 adds full support and compatibility for photoshop cs (v. 8.0) and mac os x panther (v. 10.3.1). fix images intelligently intellihance pro's award-winning technology analyzes and corrects each image individually for contrast and brightness saturation sharpness dust and scratches color cast and more. fix multiple images automatically intellihance pro is as easy as a simple click. use the quick enhance preset to analyze and fix an image with one click. its batch processing capabilities fix a whole folder of images just as easily. visually adjust your images the power variations mode lets you interactively and visually adjust your images. quickly change the incremental variance for adjusting your image. fine tune images for precise adjustment the fine tune mode lets you manually adjust your settings. compare settings onscreen preview a single image split or repeated across 5 rows and columns extensis corporation 199.99|steinberg cubase 4 software - competitive crossgrade music production software cubase 4 - multi-track audio/midi recorder/editor software for mac os x and windows xp - competitive crossgrade special offer cubase 4 from steinberg is a native music production system combining full-featured audio and midi recording and editing ...  399.99
0|adobe photoshop cs3 [mac] adobe photoshop cs3 software accelerates your path from imagination to imagery. ideal for photographers graphic designers and web designers the professional standard delivers new features such as automatic layer alignment and blending that enable advanced compositing. live filters boost the comprehensive nondestructive editing toolset for increased flexibility. and a streamlined interface and new timesaving tools make your work flow faster. boost your productivity with a streamlined interface. the loupe tool in adobe bridge cs3 lets you easily zoom into the fine detail of any image. the new overlay preview and clone source palette let you preview transform and precisely position cloned areas in a single fluid process. zoomify export allows you to efficiently display even the highest resolution imagery over low bandwidth web connections. work more productively take advantage of a wide range of improvements designed to boost your productivity. experience native performance on intel based and powerpc macs and on microsoft windows xp and windows vista systems. maximize your workspace with a streamlined interface process raw images with increased speed and quality and manage assets more efficiently in the revamped adobe bridge cs3. and enjoy complete compatibility with adobe photoshop lightroom software (sold separately) so the changes you make to an image in one product will automatically appear in the other. edit with unrivaled power the comprehensive image-editing toolset in photoshop cs3 lets you correct and enhance your images with unmatched creative control. experiment more freely with nondestructive filters. manage and correct color more easily and convert color images to rich black-and-white with one click. retouch images with more powerful cloning and healing tools. and count on higher fidelity conversion when you merge a series of exposures into a 32-bit high dynamic range (hdr) image. composite with breakthrough tools photoshop cs3 offers a wealth of features that make compositing multiple images easier than ever before. create more accurate composites with new tools that automatically align and blend layers or images based on similar content. make an image selection with one brush stroke. perfect any selection edge in an easy-to-use intuitive dialog box. and merge multiple photos into a panorama with superior results. product highlights boost your productivity with a streamlined interface enhancements to raw-image processing and asset management workflows and more. experience unrivaled editing power with nondestructive filters more precise color-correction controls and more powerful cloning and healing tools. easily create rich composites using new tools for automatically aligning and blending layers and making quick selections. audience benefit professional photographers--with adobe photoshop cs3 software you can perfect all of your images with nondestructive filters and more powerful color-correction cloning and healing tools and you can create sophisticated composites more easily than ever with breakthrough tools for automatically aligning and blending layers making quick selections and more. serious amateur photographers--adobe photoshop cs3 software delivers everything you need to edit images with professional-quality results and offers a simplified user interface that makes learning and working in the program easier. print and web designers--adobe photoshop cs3 software delivers unrivaled power to edit images breakthrough capabilities for creating sophisticated image composites and the ability to output your final files to a broad range of formats for print and the web. photography students and educators--from raw-image processing retouching and compositing to final image output professional-standard adobe photoshop cs3 software offers a powerful solution for digital photography workflows. work more productively efficient and flexible work environment streamlined interface and palette management maximize screen space for editing while keeping essential tools accessible. palettes are now arranged in convenient self-adjusting docks that can be widened to full size or narrowed to icons or even a thin self-revealing strip at the edge of your monitor. faster more flexible asset management with adobe bridge cs3 organize and manage images more efficiently with adobe bridge cs3 software which now delivers improved performance a filter panel for easier searching the ability to group multiple images under a single thumbnail the loupe tool offline image browsing and more. custom menus shortcuts and workspaces set up and save custom menus keyboard shortcuts and workspaces for quick access to what you need. streamlined workflow better raw image processing process raw images with increased speed and superior conversion quality using the adobe photoshop camera raw plug-in which now adds support for jpeg and tiff formats; new tools including fill light and dust busting; compatibility with adobe photoshop lightroom software; and support for over 150 camera models. enhanced pdf support work more easily with adobe pdf-based content. precisely control the size of pdf pages opened in photoshop; add security controls and metadata such as copyright and exposure details to images within pdf presentations; and create a richer image display in pdf presentations and documents. adobe photoshop lightroom support jump from photoshop lightroom software to photoshop cs3 in one click for advanced editing of your digital photos. lightroom (sold separately) offers an efficient powerful way to import manage and present large volumes of digital images. improved printing experience experience better control over print quality with color management a larger print preview window and more controls in one place so you can print in fewer steps. improved printing controls co-developed by adobe and hp make printing easier and more predictable and streamline setup options via integration with select printers from hp epson and canon. presets make sophisticated color adjustments automatically with one-click presets in curves the channel mixer and the new black and white conversion dialog box. peak performance experience native performance on intel and powerpc based macintosh computers and on microsoft windows xp and windows vista systems. automated production automate common production tasks in a variety of ways. set up event-based scripts record a series of steps as an action for efficient batch processing and design repetitive graphics faster with variables. history palette and edit history log undo and redo any set of editing steps in an open image with the history palette and automatically track all editing steps within your files with the edit history log. export steps to a text file or save them as part of image metadata for easier documentation of your work file audits and more. wide range of supported formats import and export a wide range of file formats including psd bmp cineon jpeg jpeg2000 openexr png targa and tiff. adobe device central cs3 create compelling mobile content such as wallpapers and screensavers and then visually preview how it will render on mobile devices using the built-in adobe device central cs3. tune your designs for mobile screen sizes and lighting conditions. zoomify export for high-resolution web display take advantage of adobe flash and zoomify technology to export high-resolution images to the web for viewing through adobe flash player software. flash player displays your image quickly and efficiently letting viewers zoom in on details with minimal delay. third-party solutions and resources take advantage of a wealth of additional resources--including software plug-ins books and training--from the longstanding community of expert photoshop developers authors and trainers. auto-align layers can automatically connect a series of photos into a panorama (left). auto-blend layers can then seamlessly blend lighting and texture to complete the perfect composite image (right). edit with unrivaled power maximize screen space for editing while keeping essential tools accessible. faster performance highest quality conversion and new lighting controls are some of the new hallmarks of camera raw in photoshop cs3. simple intuitive point-and-click monochrome conversion is yours with the new black and white adjustment. the new print interface in photoshop cs3 gathers all of the options you need in one easier-to-use dialog box. nondestructive editing smart filters add adjust and remove filters from an image without having to resave the image or start over to preserve quality. nondestructive smart filters allow you to visualize changes without altering original pixel data. smart objects perform nondestructive scaling rotating and warping of raster and vector graphics with smart objects. even preserve the editability of vector data from adobe illustrator software. professional color and tone control color-correction enhancements take advantage of precision color correction made faster and easier. brightness/contrast now provides better results from the same intuitive interface and enhanced curves controls let you make automatic adjustments with included presets or those you create; convert to black-and-white with point sliders; and use a histogram color channel lines and a clipping preview. black-and-white conversion easily convert color images to rich black-and-white and adjust tonal values and tints with a new tool. experiment with the included black-and-white presets or create and save your own custom presets to achieve the best results. improved channel mixer take advantage of new functionality and a host of presets that make the channel mixer easier to use for black-and-white conversion. enhanced 32-bit high dynamic range (hdr) support create and edit 32-bit images and combine multiple exposures into a single 32-bit image that preserves the full range of a scene--from the deepest shadows to the brightest highlights. new image processing and alignment algorithms deliver superior results. intelligent image editing and enhancement more powerful cloning and healing tools experience greater control when retouching images with cloning tools and the healing brush. see source pixels under your tool or brush for more precise positioning; preview changes to source content live; and set multiple source points scale and rotate in the new clone source palette. rich painting and drawing toolset create or modify images with a wide assortment of professional fully customizable paint settings artistic brushes and drawing tools. enhanced vanishing point take perspective-based editing to a new level with the enhanced vanishing point which lets you create multiple planes in an image connect them at any angle and then wrap graphics text and images around them to create packaging mock-ups and more. composite with breakthrough tools easy compositing and selecting advanced compositing create more accurate composites by automatically aligning multiple photoshop layers or images based on similar content. the auto-align layers command quickly analyzes details and moves rotates or warps layers to align them perfectly and the auto-blend layers command blends the color and shading to create a smooth editable result. improved photomerge technology take advantage of refined photomerge technology which uses new layer-alignment and layer-blending capabilities to let you automatically stitch horizontal or vertical photos into seamless panoramas. quick selection and refine edge tools make selections in a snap. loosely draw on an image area and the quick selection tool automatically completes the selection for you. then fine-tune your selections with the refine edge tool. flexible layers composite images text and effects on hundreds of layers for extraordinarily sophisticated results. organize layers with up to five levels of nesting and save in different combinations as layer comps. which edition of photoshop cs3 is right for you? photoshop cs3 is available in two editions--photoshop cs3 and photoshop cs3 extended--to meet the diverse needs of professionals in a wide range of fields. adobe photoshop cs3 adobe photoshop cs3 extended builds on photoshop cs2 with dozens of improvements increased productivity with a streamlined interface camera raw enhancements next-generation adobe bridge cs3 and zoomify export unrivaled editing power with live filters more precise color correction easier black-and-white conversion and more powerful cloning and healing tools breakthrough compositing with automatic layer alignment and blending capabilities easier selections and improved photomerge technology 3d and motion support with the ability to edit 3d content and incorporate it into 2d compositions paint and clone over multiple video frames and more comprehensive image analysis with new image measurement and counting tools adobe 649|neil diamond the neil diamond collection 1. cherry cherry 2. desiree 3. brooklyn roads 4. brother love's traveling salvation show 5. crackin' rosie 6. hello again 7. holly holy 8. solitary man 9. song sung blue 10. sweet caroline.  22.13
0|clickart 950 000 - premier image pack (dvd-rom)  broderbund 0|abacus civil air patrol - search & rescue there are more than 64000 members of the civil air patrol. in all the cap flies more than 100000 hours each year performing important missions. the cap was formed in the early 1940s as an all-volunteer organization. today the cap continues to ...  26.14
0|mobileinventory additional mobile license mobileinventory 1550 add on kit includes spt1550 & addl mobile lic wasp technologies 0|apple software m9301z/b soundtrack v1.2 produce music with thousands of loops and effects! soundtrack brings the art of music composing to everyone. with minimal cost and effort you can produce custom music to your video dvd or web project. you wont need to license a song or hire a ... apple software 199
0|mobileinventory additional mobile license mobileinventory 1550 add on kit includes spt1550 & addl mobile lic wasp technologies 0|mariner software macjournal v4 macjournal 4 is the world's most popular journaling software for the macintosh. easily create a personal journal with macjournals simple-to-use interface with two level security (password protection and aes-256 encryption). recording daily ideas in ...  39.99
0|adobe after effects cs3 upgrade note: this is the upgrade version of adobe after effects cs3 professional. bring your vision to life with blockbuster visual effects and compelling motion graphics in adobe after effects cs3 professional upgrade software. work with sophisticated tools and enjoy tight integration with adobe's leading design applications while you deliver stunning work to virtually any media type. design from scratch or jump-start projects from hundreds of fully customizable presets and templates--all from within a streamlined interface. an elaborate animation made up of multiple variations on a six-pointed star is easy to create; the repeater feature makes it possible to offset variations on a theme. all properties of the shape can also be keyframed. layer styles can transform the look of text with just a few clicks. here outer glow and a drop shadow add visual interest and dimension. styles can be toggled on and off even animated. just a few examples of what is possible with per-character 3d text. create motion graphics and visual effects with the industry standard take your inspiration to new heights: create beautiful sophisticated animations and effects more effectively than ever with adobe after effects cs3 professional. whether you design from scratch or jump-start projects from any of the hundreds of customizable templates and presets the latest version of after effects lets you exceed expectations with less effort. use innovative new features like shape layers the puppet tool brainstorm and clip notes to design animate and review with greater creative freedom. after effects is available as a standalone product or as a component of adobe creative suite 3 production premium and master collection software. eliminate rerendering and move easily between after effects adobe premiere pro cs3 and encore cs3 software using adobe dynamic link part of production premium. adobe creative suite 3 production premium is a complete digital video production solution in which adobe after effects cs3 provides the ability to generate animations and composites of all kinds from stylized motion graphics to realistic visual effects. adobe creative suite 3 master collection combines the powerful components of production premium with those of creative suite 3 design premium and web premium. whether you are a motion graphics designer visual effects artist video editor or a designer of rich media for the web adobe after effects cs3 professional lets you: innovate visually--unleash your creative vision with responsive controls and amazing effects. animate freely and with even more flexibility using new shape layers and the new puppet tool. use the new brainstorm interface to naturally evolve animation variations based on parameters you choose. maximize your time--deliver your best work on schedule. the intuitive interface in adobe after effects cs3 professional lets you accomplish even the most complex tasks faster while keeping you focused on your vision. enhanced multi-core and multi-processor support enables faster renders; powerful integration allows you to move quickly and efficiently between after effects and adobe photoshop cs3 extended adobe premiere pro cs3 adobe flash cs3 professional adobe illustrator cs3 and adobe encore cs3. design for tomorrow today--adobe after effects cs3 professional delivers on tomorrow's challenges today with flexible tools that anticipate the future of design and animation. work with tools that enable you to deliver professional results on virtually any type of media. create quicktime and flash video for the web and work with a wide range of formats from hdv to openexr h.264 and camera raw. ensure output quality for an array of supported mobile devices. after effects is available for intel and power pc mac or for microsoft windows xp and windows vista. add life to any shape or layer with the easy fun and addictive puppet tool. audience benefit motion graphics and visual effects professionals--as a professional in your field you need to meet tight deadlines for clients who demand the highest quality productions. adobe after effects cs3 professional helps you reach peak performance and realize your vision with the industry's leading compositing and animation tools for creating stunning motion graphics and visual effects. with improved performance and tight integration with other adobe applications you'll get there faster moving quickly and efficiently between after effects and adobe photoshop cs3 extended adobe premiere pro cs3 flash cs3 professional illustrator cs3 and encore cs3 while getting the best performance from your hardware. video editors and producers--when budgets are tight and clients are on a deadline adobe after effects cs3 professional offers an intuitive easy-to-learn interface along with powerful tools to enhance your production values. tight integration with adobe's other professional video applications means you can get great results quickly and when you need to jump-start projects without sacrificing quality you can use the new brainstorm feature or customize any of hundreds of timesaving professionally designed presets and templates. flash animators and graphic designers--work with state-of-art animation tools inside a familiar adobe interface and enjoy unprecedented integration with adobe flash as well as other adobe applications you already use including photoshop and illustrator. graphic designers can import photoshop and illustrator files with layers transparency and blend modes intact to bring still imagery to life. flash animators can import and output swf or flv files with alpha channels and cue points. brainstorm allows you to interactively create a wide range of animation possibilities very quickly and preview them instantly. new in adobe after effects cs3 professional shape layers easily create and animate vector graphics with new shape layers. add and animate strokes fills gradients and vector effects. you can convert text into shapes and animate them just like any other shape type. puppet tool this new fast and intuitive animation tool lets you squash and stretch images or text to bring it to life as an animated character. use motion sketch to record the position and speed of your puppet movements the starch tool to stiffen areas of the character and the overlap tool to control the depth of elements of your puppet. adobe photoshop cs3 extended integration enjoy a streamlined workflow with support for importing layered photoshop images that include video layers. sophisticated photoshop layer styles can be easily modified or animated within after effects. import vanishing point data from photoshop into after effects to build 3d compositions automatically. tight integration with adobe flash cs3 professional work more efficiently to create and edit flash animations. preserve vectors from animations created in after effects for lean and clean delivery and create flash video more easily. import swf files as vectors with alpha channels preserved and batch render flash videos with embedded cue points. per-character 3d text animation explore new text animation possibilities by making individual characters in your text--or an entire phrase--move and rotate in 3d space. brainstorm jump-start animations with brainstorm a new user interface that offers variations on selected design and animation parameters. choose which properties and effects you want to explore and brainstorm will propose animated variations. complete color management workflow enable color management simply by selecting a project working space. doing so helps ensure the color accuracy of imported files as they are displayed and rendered and allows you to preview how footage will look on other devices. adobe clip notes streamline the review and approval process. render your work into an adobe pdf file that enables anyone with adobe reader software to make timecode-accurate comments. when you import the comments into after effects they appear as markers on the timeline. enhanced performance harness your computer's processing power with new multicore and graphics acceleration plus disk caching so you can spend less time waiting and more time creating. distribute rendering across your entire network to maximize output performance. 3d compositions from vanishing point export vanishing point data from photoshop extended and then import into after effects to automatically build a 3d composition from the 2d photoshop image. a single shape layer containing a compound shape makes it possible to control what appear to be multiple shapes with a single set of controls. color management can benefit any artist who needs consistent color whether the target medium is feature film broadcast television a handheld device or all of these and more. clip notes ensures that everyone really is on the same page. preview mobile content with device central. additional features innovative compositing and animation tools create high-impact communications by combining moving imagery still images and graphics text and sound in 2d or 3d space and then animating virtually any aspect of each element. text and vector graphics creation and animation create text and vector graphics in after effects using familiar adobe tools and then animate these elements to create visually innovative new motion graphics. extensive visual effects manipulate moving and still images using hundreds of effects such as stylize distort shatter and time remapping. create grids radio waves 3d particles film grain fractal noise and more. timesaving toolsstart projects quickly with animation presets and behaviors when creating common animation elements such as animating text in and out creating synthetic backgrounds and more. use new brainstorm to quickly experiment and refine designs using parameters you define. learn fast with tool tips and training resources in the box and on the web and streamline your review process with clip notes to create and import comments. comprehensive masking and keying tools control which portions of a layer are visible by importing manipulating and animating masks; flexible auto-tracing options and rotobezier masks make it easy to get precise results. key bluescreen and greenscreen mattes with the academy award-winning keylight and a host of supporting tools. powerful motion controls animate graphics and text using the puppet tool. apply motion blur to produce more realistic animations or use timewarp to slow down and speed up footage. precisely match the motion of source footage using motion tracker and get the look of a locked-off shot using motion stabilizer. enhanced performance harness your computer's processing power with new multicore and graphics acceleration plus disk caching so you can spend less time waiting and more time creating. distribute rendering across your entire network to maximize output performance. professional results for every media type compatibility with an extensive list of output formats lets you produce animated content for virtually any media from the web and mobile devices to film and broadcast. plus after effects cs3 professional introduces color management tools to help make the color-correction process more predictable and preserve color fidelity. high-fidelity color use standard color management tools with enhancements for film and video workflows. 32-bit 2d and 3d compositing and animation create high-impact communications by combining moving imagery graphics text and sound in 2d or 3d space and then animating virtually any aspect of each element. freely work with high dynamic range imagery in a color-managed workflow. per-character 3d text animation explore new text animation possibilities by making individual characters in your text--or an entire phrase--move and rotate in 3d space. complete color management workflow enable color management simply by selecting a project working space. doing so helps ensure the color accuracy of imported files as they are displayed and rendered and allows you to preview how footage will look on other devices. project templates use included project templates for dvd motion menus and motion graphics backgrounds. nondestructive vector painting paint nondestructively on layers to clean up footage draw masks clone elements and create animations. 32-bit audio tools import 32-bit audio files mixed and mastered in adobe soundbooth or adobe audition software. fine-tune audio levels precisely using vu meters with peak and clip indicators on the audio panel. color accuracy take advantage of an end-to-end color management workflow to ensure color accuracy throughout your production pipeline. powerful masking and keying tools for creating video transparency control which portions of a layer are visible by importing manipulating and animating masks. key bluescreen and greenscreen mattes with academy award-winning keylight and a host of supporting tools to rival those available in any other application. flexible auto-tracing options and rotobezier masks make it easy to get precise results. video for mobile use new rendering options and preview in adobe device central cs3 to help ensure your video will look great on an array of supported mobile devices. adobe 299|sql server std 2005 5-clt x64 - microsoft - 228-04013 sql server is a comprehensive integrated end-to-end data solutionthat empowers users across your organization by providing them witha secure reliable and productive platform for enterprise data andbusiness intelligence (bi) applications. sql ...  1471.93 gbp
0|adobe acrobat distiller svr v6-cd sun 100u ( 42050106 ) - marketing information: - adobe acrobat distiller server 6.0 software enables workgroups to convert adobe postscript files to compact reliable and more secure adobe portable document format (pdf) files over a network. a flexible and automated solution acrobat distiller server easily integrates into existing document workflows. product information - software sub type: pdf conversion/viewing - software name: acrobat distiller v.6.0 for sun server - complete product - features and benefits: server-based conversion of adobe postscript to adobe pdf: - centralize the conversion of adobe postscript files to adobe pdf for print e-mail and any web-enabled device. simplified adobe pdf file creation: - automatically convert high volumes of adobe postscript files to adobe pdf through mechanisms such as watched folders. reliable document format: - preserve the visual integrity of business documents so that they display as intended across a variety of platforms. administrator-specified security options: - help protect electronic documents with 128-bit encryption and password protection - all controlled centrally by the administrator. electronic distribution: - quickly send compact documents that are more secure than paper ones - saving time and money on printing and delivery fees. a recognized standard: - produce adobe pdf files that can be viewed with the widely available adobe reader software. flexible scalable integration: - easily integrate a adobe 9104.19|adobe audition 2.0 audio production software - educational discount audio software for video audition 2.0 - multi-track audio production software for music radio and video for windows xp - educational discount adobe audition 2.0 software is the all-in-one toolset for professional audio production allowing the user to record mix edit and ...  148.95
0|is3 stopzilla 4.0 [stop spyware pop-ups id theft] stopzilla 4.0 spyware protection - mini box roxio 29.95|scholastic brain play preschool to 1st grade topics key features: preschool to 1st grade brain play workbook learn early math practice reading apply logic gain typing skills ...  19.99
0|watchguard serverlock manager (100 servers) watchguard serverlock manager controls the integrity of servers across your enterprise. with a simple and elegant user interface watchguard serverlock manager is easy-to-use secure and powerful. with a click of the mouse you can configure security rules assign server groups and set server protection levels as you wish - at any level of detail you require. watchguard serverlock manager uses a combination of kernel-based pki a 239-bit elliptical curve cryptosystem (ecc) from certicom and triple des encryption so that instructions and communications from the management console cannot be intercepted. watchguard technologies inc 14995|allume aquazone bass edition mac os x 10.3 or newer; 256 mb ram; 100 mb available disk space; monitor supporting ?millions? of colors.  19.99
0|exchange svr ent 2007 x64 eng dvd 25 clt - marketing information: for most businesses today e-mail is the mission-critical communications tool that allows their people to produce the best results. this greater reliance on e-mail has increased the number of messages sent and received the variety of work getting done and even the speed of business itself. amid this change employee expectations have also evolved. today employees look for rich efficient access to e-mail calendars attachments contacts and more no matter where they are or what type of device they are using. product information - software sub type: mail server - software name: exchange server 2007 enterprise edition - complete product - features and benefits: built-in protection: - anti-spam and antivirus - compliance - business continuity - confidential messaging anywhere access: - unified messaging - web-based messaging - mobile messaging - collaboration and productivity operational efficiency: - performance and scalability - administration - deployment - extensibility - language support: english - platform support: pc license information - license type: complete product - license pricing: standard - license quantity: 1 server - license quantity: 25 cal microsoft 11318.25|s45es-12225sg= cisco ios enterprise services - ( v. 12.2(25)sg ) - complete package cisco systems s45es-12225sg= : usually ships in 24 hours : : cisco ios (internetworking operating system) software is the platform that delivers network services and enables networked applications.  7022.74
0|print workshop 2007 design the perfect project for every occasion and any holiday ? from scrapbook pages and small business materials to school projects and professional-quality greeting cards. save time and money using print workshop's suite of powerful tools typically only found in more expensive programs. let your imagination run wild! it's as easy as...1. choose your project template; 2. select your art and add your own personal touch; 3. print your creation or post it online. print workshop's photo studio suite gives you all of the tools you need to turn your photos into personal works of art. correct red-eye re-center images and edit images for every project select custom filters to change your favorite photos create unique photo borders. create fun photo gifts instantly design your own photo calendars flip books collages slide shows and photo bouquets or create an online photo album to share your pictures with family and friends. send your favorite photos to your cell phone. cd/dvd burning photo gifts improved! web publishing stretch rotate & resize tools / drawing & layout tools integrated avery compatible templates for pc running windows 98 - me - 2000 - xp valusoft 19.99|quickstart photo montage studio transform your photos into professional-looking montages! this unique software uses hundreds of mini-size photos as tiles to recreate your favorite digital photo into one great masterpiece. turn memorable moments into priceless keepsakes create ...  9.95
0|ca international - arcserve lap/desktop oem 30pk oem arcserve backup v11.1 win 30u for laptops and desktops computer associates 0|three-to-a-page payroll checks each has two stubs one for the employee and a permanent stub which stays in the book. standard deductions are printed right on the check.no carbons no mess! choose 1- or 2-part carbonless safety paper checks in your choice of blue green or yellow ...  104.39
0|microsoft excel 2004 (mac) organize analyze and present your data with precision and panache. the new tools in microsoft excel 2004 for mac give you more control over your spreadsheets and the enhanced charting tools give you more dynamic ways to display your information. microsoft 229.99|g-pak organizer case for nintendo ds lite gaming console - pink the g-pak organizer case from naki world? is ideal for taking your nintendo ds lite? on the road. this case can hold 30 ds game cartridges and 6 gba-sp cartridges! it features convenient front pockets with inner mesh pouch. its adjustable ...  19.99
0|detto move2mac usb move2mac is a complete solution for moving information from pc to mac -- all your music photos files and folders are moved easily! detto technologies inc 71.31|fun for kids featuring disney - preschool to kindergarten topics key features: for ages 3-5 learning through games ...  29.99
0|x-plane deluxe including 7 double layer dvds (mac) x-plane 8 deluxe is the most comprehensive flight sim available today. it offers incredible accuracy in flight models wider scope in aircraft and a more versatile set of aircraft types and weather conditions. users can also download new aircraft scenery and more -- for flight simulation that's amazingly close to the real thing. land at any of 18 000 airports across the world with realistic scenery from all of them - you can even land on mars thanks to the mars orbiting laser altimeter navarre (software) 59.95|emedia music corp my guitar   24.81
0|apple iwork '06 family pack (mac dvd) [older version] iwork '06 features two powerful applications for creating everything from school newsletters to business presentations. with pages 2 you can quickly create a wide variety of stunning documents. with keynote 3 you can produce cinema-quality presentations storyboards and more. iwork '06 lets you express yourself with style. the family pack lets you install iwork '06 on up to five apple computers in your household. pages 2 helps you create stunning documents quickly and easily. choose from beautiful document templates. reviewer comments make it easy to collaborate. pages 2 introducing pages 2. thanks to new text and image editing tools it's the easiest way to look good in print. use apple-designed templates to build stunning documents in minutes. quickly add photos with the built-in ilife media browser. format your text in minutes with elegant predefined styles. add punch to your page with multiple columns self-calculating tables and engaging 3d charts. add modern design -- start with a template in pages 2 and your document is halfway to gorgeous. choose from 25 new templates including posters flyers scrapbooks folding cards technical reports business invoices proposals screenplays and storyboards. top the charts -- pages 2 lets you add beautifully designed 3d charts to any document. edit your chart then position it perfectly using the 3d rotation wheel. from there you can add even more depth and realism by applying multiple lighting styles angles reflections and shadows. get in shape -- explore your options with curves shapes and masks in pages 2. choose from new shapes insert the one you like best then customize it by adding points or sides. you can even create custom shapes using new bezier curves. when you're done creating the perfect shape you can use it to mask any photo in your document. put it on the table -- leave it to pages 2 to make mere tables more interesting. add text graphics and photos to tables then get ready to do the math: tables in pages 2 let you perform spreadsheet-style calculations without ever leaving your document -- a perfect solution for adding numbers late in the game. sign seal deliver -- never again fear the mail merge. pages 2 boasts seamless integration with mac os x address book so creating personalized documents for individuals or groups is suddenly simple. stationery templates offer predefined address book links: all you do is drag in contacts and pages automatically personalizes your documents to match. thank you notes -- with new reviewer comments in pages 2 you can take notes. type reminders to-dos or revision notes right on your document. every comment you make appears in a handy sidebar that won't affect layout or pagination. plus you can easily hide comments so they won't clutter up your document and keep you from the important business of writing editing and printing. keynote 3 offers the easiest way to create stunning presentations. choose from beautiful presentation templates. wow your audience with beautiful transitions and effects. keynote 3 grab and hold your audience's attention with keynote 3 the latest generation of apple's stunning presentation software. perhaps you'd like to make a business proposal. highlight the quarter's results for investors. dazzle viewers with your photos of the southwest. whatever your story make it into an exquisite presentation with laser-sharp graphics. captivate any audience -- transitions and effects in keynote 3 help you build cinema-quality presentations. new transitions give you more choices for transporting your audience from slide to slide flexible text animation puts your words in the spotlight and interleaved builds offer additional options for every element in your slides. enjoy variations on a theme -- themes in keynote 3 include everything you need to maintain a consistent look and feel throughout your presentation. keynote 3 offers eye-popping new hd themes ideal for high-definition displays (1920x1080 resolution) as well as new themes for standard-definition displays. plus themes now include a coordinated set of textures and colors designed for 3d charts and master slides with bulleted text in multiple columns. shape your slides -- add some artistic influence to your presentation thanks to 10 different shapes in keynote 3. choose from stars and polygons then customize your shapes by adding points and sides. and if you can't find the perfect shape new bezier curves let you personalize existing shapes or create your own from scratch. when you're done shaping up you can easily mask a photo using any standard or custom shape. you can compute -- with room for text graphics and photos tables in keynote 3 let you perform simple spreadsheet-style calculations without leaving your slide. that means you can change your presentation on a dime -- even if final data arrives late. duly noted -- note to self: let keynote 3 help you organize your thoughts with new reviewer comments. leave yourself presentation pointers jot down a list or two even incorporate feedback from rehearsals. these handy comments behave like sticky notes so they're easy to write edit and move around on your slides. plus they disappear in presentation mode keeping everything clutter-free. iwork '06 family pack information the family pack software license agreement allows you to install and use one copy of the apple software on up to a maximum of five apple-labeled computers at a time as long as those computers are located in the same household and used by persons who occupy that same household. by household apple means a person or persons sharing the same housing unit such as a home apartment mobile home or condominium. this license does not extend to students who reside at a separate on-campus location or to business or commercial users. apple 99|apple software m9953z/a remote desktop 2.2 10 client the 10-client version allows one administrator to manage up to 10 mac os x computers. apple remote desktop 2 delivers over 50 new features including vnc-compatible screen sharing remote shell scripts task lists and remote boot disk selection. ... apple software 294.99
0|sibelius 5 professional edition sibelius 5 is so easy to learn and use that you can start writing your first piece within minutes - not days! whatever your musical style sibelius 5 makes writing scores a breeze - giving you more time to focus on the music. stunning new features like panorama mean you don't need to think about pages while you're composing or arranging. you can create audio files which can be converted to mp3s or burned to cd produce instrumental parts effortlessly compose for video sell your music online and do hundreds of other things you might never have dreamed of. scorch - from your own web site anyone anywhere can view play transpose and print your music. visitors to your site don't need sibelius - they just download scorch the amazing free plug-in for browsing scores online. minimum system requirements - pc - windows xp sp2 or windows vista 512mb+ ram 350mb hard disk space dvd-rom drive / recommended - 1gb+ total ram 3.5gb total hard disk space asio-compatible soundcard / mac - mac os x 10.4 or later 512mb+ ram 350mb hard disk space dvd-rom drive / sibelius 5 is a universal application that runs on both powerpc processors and new macs with intel processors. recommended - g5 or intel processor 1gb+ total ram 3.5gb total hd space sibelius software ltd. 599|encore inc family tree maker version 16 collectors edition with family tree maker version 16 (collector's edition) you can access more than 5 billion records through ancestry.com as you research your family's history. the best-selling genealogy program for 15 straight years family tree maker lets you ac  85.07
0|the printshop business card maker (jewel case)  riverdeep - learning company 9.99|cyma general business systems continuous checks compatible with cyma-general business systems/professional accounting system.  121.89
0|brain builder  core learning 19.95|corel corporation corel snapfire plus ignite photo fun with corel snapfire plus! this easy-to-use software helps you easily retouch photos like a pro share them in new entertaining ways backup your collection and so much more! system requirements: windows xp wind  37.2
0|stomp inc drive washer drive washer keeps you from being vulnerable to the dangers of identity theft. even if you are simply reassigning your computer to another user or giving it to a friend your private data may be compromised. don't just think you've removed all those sensiive files - use drive washer and be sure. stomp inc 0|magix webradio recorder (pc) magix entertainment key features: over 2000 stations record broadcasts automatic programming dvr-type functionality user guide...  24.99
0|40 years of the avengers 40 years of the avengers - earth's mightiest heroes collects the full story of one of the world's most enduring superhero teams. the avengers are a team of superheroes who face threats that no single hero could stand against. over the past four decades they've saved the world countless times -- now you can experience every adventure at your lesiure! this dvd collects over 535 complete issues every page from every issue (september 1963 thru december 2005). included are all the annuals. over 19 000 pages in all. git corp 49.99|4817l05 vmware drs - ( v. 2 ) - limited subscription ( 1 year ) - 2 sockets - win ibm 4817l05 : usually ships in 24 hours : : vmware drs works with vmware infrastructure with vmware virtualcenter management server to automate the balancing of virtual machine workloads across the virtual infrastructure.  193.15
0|math missions: the race to spectacle city arcade (grades k-2) catch the bus subway or ferry to travel the city and tackle fun math challenges in the stores of spectacle city. build addition subtraction geometry and problem solving skills while constructing a skyscraper sorting toys at the toy store counting types of candy at the outdoor market and more. scholastic 29.95|qp card qp colorkit 1 color management software qp colorkit 1 - color correction kit for digital images help your digital camera! like all cameras your digital camera has problems with color accuracy. however for digital cameras there is a solution qpcolorkit 1. it is easy to use and ...  99.95
0|math success deluxe 2006  topics entertainment 49.99|peachtree(r) complete iii for dos 5.0-10.0 continuous checks compatible with peachtree(r) complete iii for dos 5.0-10.0.  121.89
0|motu digital performer 5 digital audio software competitive upgrade (mac only) for song writing studio production film scoring live performance remixing post production and surround mixing digital performer delivers advanced features in an intuitive streamlined design. whether you re completing a surround dvd or you just want to write a song and burn a cd or mp3 file digital performer gets you there quickly with elegance and ease. and version 5 adds six new virtual instruments plus dozens of innovative new features to keep you on the cutting edge of desktop music production. from classic fm to vintage analog six intriguing virtual instruments will spark your creativity and get you making music in minutes. browse the hundreds of supplied presets choose a sound or drum kit and then hit the record button. the rest is up to you. load your own samples or program custom sounds. you get two one-oscillator subtractive synths one two-oscillator subtractive synth a sample player a drum module and an fm synth. get ready to crank out some serious sound from your mac. all six instruments are designed for easy streamlined operation and cpu-efficient performance. if you've never used instrument plug-ins before get ready for some heavy-duty fun. if you're a seasoned virtual instrument user dive in and don't forget to come up for air. bassline is an analog-style monophonic bass synth. don't let the size and straightforward design fool you: bassline puts out monstrous low end. bassline's controls are dedicated to the bass the whole bass ... motu 395|corel ulead videostudio 11 plus software for win - educational license authoring software videostudio 11 plus video editing and dvd authoring software for windows - academic license the videostudio 11 plus video editing and dvd authoring software for windows from corel ulead is a great way to get started editing your home movies and ...  89.95
0|namo webeditor 2006 namo webeditor 2006 suite is one of the most complete web authoring applications of all time and quite possibly the only software you will need to create edit publish and manage your websites. an integrated development environment empowers web professionals to create cutting-edge sites. easy-to-use functions enable beginners to grow into highly-skilled web designers. take advantage of new themes smart clip arts flash buttons card templates and more -- all to help make your website look smart and cool smart clipart editor lets you create your own banners and buttons and transforms them into images namo 99.99|math success(tm) deluxe 2007 ideal for young students at all learning levels math success deluxe 2007 provides students with a diverse and fundamental course of study. build confidence and essential skills in 13 subjects with over 350 activities and more than 2000 exercises ...  49.99
0|microsoft word 2004 (mac) word 2004 has innovative new features that give your personal or business documents the right look every time. enjoy the latest tools and advancements of the most popular word processor around. microsoft 229.99|cakewalk 10-cwgp3.00-90c - guitar tracks pro 3.0 (3 win 00/xp cd) cakewalk 10-cwgp3.00-90c : familiar multi-track recorder interface record and play back up to 32 audio tracks arrange music with point and click ease extensive audio editing capabilities superior sonic quality up to 24-bit/96 khz record your ...  68.97
0|axis network camera 213 ptz - digital video camera ( 0220-004 ) the axis 213 ptz network camera enables advanced remote monitoring with pan tilt and zoom control over ip networks. it features a powerful 26x optical zoom auto focus lens and an ir mode for nighttime conditions.the axis 213 ptz delivers superior quality motion jpeg and mpeg-4 video streams simultaneously. the camera provides 20 preset positions and 1 preset sequence (auto patrol) to monitor specific areas. it also offers pre- and post-alarm image buffering and advanced event management features.the axis 213 ptz connects directly to an ip network and with a built-in web server enables remote monitoring and control from any pc connected to the local area network or the internet. the camera provides wide coverage with its ability to pan 340 degrees tilt 100 degrees and zoom in on specific details. the axis 213 ptz is ideal for monitoring people and property and for remote learning and troubleshooting. a protective dome housing is available for indoor and outdoor applications. axis communication inc. 0|the build master: microsoft's software configuration management best practices wow what can i say? chapter 4 the build lab and personnel by itself is enough justification to purchase the book! vince is obviously a dirty finger nails build meister and there is a lot we can all learn from how he got them dirty! there are so ...  39.59
0|retrospect 6.0 desktop mac upgrade retrospect desktop v6.x upgrade for macintosh. contains uac code installs on a desktop can backup 2 other desktops dantz 59.99|global marketing partners dvd player 3.0 - honest technology dvd player 3.0 is a simple yet powerful dvd player with powerful features such as support for 16:9 widescreen format adjustable screen size dolby digital 5.1 audio ac-3 and pro logic ii support. dvd player 3.0 also supports dvd vcd and svcd ...  16.92
0|tinyterm v4.x 5u windows terminal emulation (tt-5) - marketing information: tinyterm is a powerful terminal emulation software applications designed for the mixed-host enterprise. they connect windows users to host applications running on ibm unix linux dec hp and other enterprise-level servers. product information - software sub type: emulation - software name: tinyterm v.4.2x - complete product - features and benefits: provide scalable customized client access: - with tinyterm you can customize access depending on your companyandquot;s needs. you can provide just one user with access to your host or provide host access to your entire company. tinyterm can be installed on a per client basis or you can place the software on your intranet and users can download the software as needed. access your legacy host through a web-browser interface: - now you can use your desktop pc to access all your legacy data and applications. with tinyterm you can access your ibm and unix host data and applications through the convenience of a web-browser interface. tinyterm is pre-configured to work right out of the box without any modifications to your host or to your desktop keyboard. rely on superior terminal emulation and complete flexibility: - tinyterm accurately recreates basic terminal emulations including wyse 60 and 50; sco ansi; at386; dec vt320 220 100 52 and ibm 3151. automate functions with the included scripting language cscript: - tinyterm includes a powerful scripting language you century software 705.21|microsoft molpc l/sa csf sbe order handling sbe 400pt - b7m-00255   154550
0|jumpstart advanced 1st grade v2.0 jump start advanced 1st grade ensures the mastery of fundamentals in reading math and more. prepare your child for 1st grade and beyond with this 4-cd set!disc one: fundamentals - build essential 1st grade skills. learn skills in math reading spelling and more. includes an introduction to 2nd grade concepts.disc two: music - explore a fascinating musical world. learn about melodies rhythm instruments and harmony with fun toe-tapping songs! disc three: art club - create masterpieces using your imagination. bring out your creativity with hours of fun activities. create cards and banners. disc four: pet playground - adopt your own virtual pet. teach it tricks buy accessories and play pet games. take care of your loveable. (note: pet playground cd is windows only)over 50 skills taught! readingphonicsconsonants soundsshort & long vowelsblends digraphsvocabularysyllablesreading comprehensionwriting:sentence buildingspellingpunctuationparts of speechalphabetizingsciencelife scienceearth sciencenutritionmathaddition subtractioncounting coinsfractionsskip countingsequencingsocial studies:communitiesworld regionsart:colorsshapes and patternscreativitymusic:melodyrhythminstrument familiesthinking skills:problem solvingsorting by multiple attributespatternswindows system requirements:windows 98/me/2000/xppentium ii 266 mhz (pentium ii 300 mhz or faster for xp)64 mb ram (128 mb ram for xp)12x cd-rom drive16-bit colorwindows-compatible sound card pet playground cd (windows only) windows 2000/xppentium iii 1ghz256 mb ram32 mb directx 9.0c-compatible3d video card24x cd-rom drive450 mb free hd spacedirectx compatible sound card mac system requirements:powermac g3 266 mhz or fasteros 9.2.1 10.1.5 10.2.3 10.3.1 (music and art club discs os 9.2.1 and osx classic mode only)64 mb of ram (128 mb ram for 10.1.5 10.2.3 10.3.1)16x cd-rom drive16-bit color pet playground cd (windows only) knowledge adventure 19.99|mike garson yamaha james taylor james taylor - sweet baby james - smart pianosoft this innovative software series enables your disklavier mark iii piano to perform with the world's most popular cds! using yamaha's pianosmart technology this companion diskette will magically empower your disklavier mark iii to accompany the ...  14.86
0|professor fuji's sudoku (jewel case) we love puzzles. sudoku is an attractive and intriguing puzzle that is gaining attention (and addicts) all over the world. professor fuji's sudoku shows you how to start playing and solving sudoku puzzles. then there are hundreds of sudoku puzzles to continue challenging your brain. it's addictive fun. it would be nice to explain the ancient derivatives of this game with an exotic asian name but its origins are relatively recent. originally called simply number place the first puzzle was created by howard garns a freelance puzzle constructor in 1979. the puzzle was first published in new york in the late 1970s by the specialist puzzle publisher dell magazines in its magazine dell pencil puzzles and word games under the title number place. the puzzle was introduced in japan by nikoli in the paper monthly nikolist in april 1984. the puzzle was named by kaji maki the president of nikoli. at a later date the name was abbreviated to sudoku (pronounced sue-do-koo; su = number doku = single); in 1986 nikoli introduced two innovations which guaranteed the popularity of the puzzle: the number of givens was restricted to no more than 30 and puzzles became symmetrical (meaning the givens were distributed in rotationally symmetric cells). it is now published in mainstream japanese periodicals. encore software 9.99|adobe indesign cs3 for mac upgrade from pagemaker system requirements powerpc g4 or g5 or intel core processor mac os x v10.4.8 256mb ram (512mb recommended) 1.6gb free hard-disk space (additional space required during installation) 1024 x 768 display resolution with 16-bit video card dvd-rom drive ...  205.99
0|detto move2mac usb move2mac is a complete solution for moving information from pc to mac -- all your music photos files and folders are moved easily! detto technologies inc 71.31|josh white homespun video the guitar of josh white the legendary josh white (1914-1969) is widely considered to be one of the most influential blues and folk artists of all time celebrated in 1998 with a commemorative us postage stamp. josh white jr. an accomplished actor singer and teacher ...  22.13
0|math success deluxe 2006  topics entertainment 49.99|encore software 11253 - brain food games: cranium collection 2006 sb cs by encore encore software 11253 : brain food games: cranium collection 2006 sb cs by encore - 11253  17.97
0|chessmaster 9000 (mac) chessmaster 9000 places you where you must master one of history's great challenges -- the age-old game of chess! this new & improved chess engine features 150 different opponents from beginner to grandmaster level. speed up the action in speed chess mode you are invited to test your brain by mastering history's greatest game! feral interactive 39.99|emc securid appl mnt - base/ std 6mo per u 1505-2k - app0002000bs6   14
0|super collapse 3 explore the world of super collapse 3! in this exciting new quest your journey will take you through ten different realms -- with many stops along the way. visit the shop in each town to purchase power-up items to help you in your quest. for a distraction take in ten entertaining new games in the casino of each town. you can play the classic collapse! games that you know and love along with three new challenging modes. challenge yourself to the new slider continuous and countdown modes. how long can you survive? mumbo jumbo 19.99|mobi-cam 70008 monitoring and notification software easily set-up and monitor your home or business observation system from anywhere notification of alarm and viewing via e-mail internet or cell phone multiple camera support with simultaneous recording compatible with usb parallel port firewire ... mobi-cam 89.69
0|suitcase fusion 1u box suitcase fusion is the next-generation professional font manager for your office or studio. it fuses the power of font reserve with the award-winning usability of suitcase giving you more reliable font management -- no matter how many fonts you use how many documents you work with or how demanding your workflow. eliminate the guesswork in working with fonts and ensure that you have the exact version of the font you need. eliminate unnecessary font conflicts avoid potential font wrecks (missing fonts corrupt fonts etc.) and stop duplicate font issues from interrupting your workflow. use suitcase fusion to achieve reliable stable and hassle-free font management! preview pane allows you to select activate even export fonts directly optimized font file support for dealing with legacy fonts duplicate font handling for easy filtering and removing of dupes application set attaches a font set to an application; every time the software opens so does the set detailed html reports for tracking font adding activity extensis 0|abacus software s552 fs fighter pilot for fs2004 and fs2002 as you already know our first military aircraft collector's edition is one of our finest collections and has sold very well for the national chains. as you already know our first military aircraft collector's edition is one of our finest ... abacus software 28.99
0|pc tutor learn windows vista & office 2007 pc tutor's innovative courseware will give you expert training for windows vista and microsoft office 2007. the lessons and exercises included here will engage and motivate you every step of the way. the result is knowledge you're more likely to retain - and put to practical use. take advantage of proven methods that teach you the facts that matter most - at a pace that's right for you. there's no easier or more enjoyable way to improve your computer skills and learn windows vista and office 2007. nova development 29.99|resco explorer 2007 for pocketpc windows mobile software for pocket pc the winner of the pocketpc magazine awards 2006 2005. this advanced file explorer can compress files with build-in zip encrypt files view registry view text and image files...  29.95
0|punch super home suite 3.0 super home suite combines seven programs for interior and exterior home and landscape design in one package. super home suite includes 3d home design 3d landscaping estimating autoframing floorplan trace 3d furniture design and realmodel. use 3d home exterior & interior design to view your home in thousands of subtle paint color choices or design walk-out basements and split-level designs with the slope tool. when you're ready to landscape your home design just add your plantings to your existing file. the software lets you landscape without redrawing your house plan. your results are rendered in high-resolution 3-d complete with shadows just like a photograph.design the perfect deck for your home plan with ultimate deck. multilevel or multistory decks with 3-d photorealistic textures stairs railings object placement and color capabilities give you the ability to design exactly the deck you want. deck wizards walk you through railings baluster options and more. and create objects from scratch or modify furniture from the included library. change colors fabrics patterns textures and more then use your creations to furnish your home plan. and get an idea of what your finished home will look like with the autoframing and realmodel software. punch! software 49.99|intego contentbarrier x4 10.4 system requirements: powerpc mac mac os x 10.1.1 or later jaguar panther tiger 10 mb free disk space screen resolution 800 x 600 or higher  54.99
0|museums of the world step behind the velvet rope to examine some of the most treasured collections of antiquities art and invention. topics presents museums of the world spirits you across the globe in an exploration of the greatest museums of our time from the louvre in paris to the great palace museum in china. discover african art american history and marvels of air space and more within all 16 of the renowned smithsonian museums. offering 3d digital replicas virtual tours interactive video narrations and insightful commentary these 5 cd-roms reveal the breathtaking and historical beauty of the world's finest creations. topics entertainment 19.99|nuance communications inc. upgrade to dragon naturallyspeaking v8 legal solutions from professional v6 and up (govt) olp - a590a-sf2-8.0   314
0|h&r block taxcut 2006 premium federal h&r block taxcut premium federal has everything you need in one comprehensive program for any tax situation from 1040ez to schedule c. step-by-step interviews provide guidance customized to your unique needs. h&r block taxcut: the ease you want. the accuracy you expect. guaranteed. seamless integration find every feature and form from last year's deluxe and premium in just one program and let taxcut seamlessly import your data from last year's taxcut or turbotax as well as quicken and microsoft money. customized to your needs make the most of money-saving deductions. receive guidance on claiming dependents taking a home office deduction and much more. save money with useful tips covering charitable donations rentals dividends interest capital gains and more. backed by professionals taxcut is the only do-it-yourself tax program backed by the experienced tax professionals at h&r block america's largest tax services company. estate planning empowerment includes complimentary copy of willpower software with valuable estate planning guidance and legal documents. interactive video library make sense of changing tax laws and achieve maximum deductions. extension interview included with any federal taxcut software purchase. kiplinger's tax and financial planning library make the most of your money with tax and financial information. irs publications view the most up-to-date irs publications. schedule c features extra help with depreciation business expenses and home deductions. investor assistance quickly determine the true cost basis for stocks bonds or mutual funds and tax consequences associated with company incentives and employee stock. additional tools for home owners assistance with mortgage deductions and capital gains tax liability when selling a home. worry-free audit support features irs correspondence management h&r block will assist with all communication that is initiated by the irs/state department of revenue(s) audit preparation h&r block will provide detailed information regarding how to prepare for an audit and extend an offer for an h&r block enrolled agent to represent you in the event an audit.* audit representation an h&r block enrolled agent guides you through what to expect during the audit attends the audit with you and helps you manage the entire audit experience. worry-free audit support rest easy knowing h&r block is there to help in the event of an audit. from outlining what to expect and providing guidance on how to prepare for an audit to having an h&r block enrolled agent represent you before the irs upon your request h&r block can help you manage the process. how it works: 1. successfully e-file* your individual resident income tax return (federal or state) using taxcut or taxcut online (with paid federal return) and you are eligible to receive audit support at no additional charge for your 2005 return. 2. retain your e-file confirmation email for worry-free audit support confirmation. 3. if you receive a notice from the irs or state department of revenue or are audited h&r block will provide you with assistance with the notice and/or offer to provide you with an h&r block enrolled agent to represent you if you are audited.* 4. call 1-800-hrblock to initiate audit services that you may need. conditions apply. view the complete terms and conditions for details. questions & answers: q. can i do my taxes by hand and then sign up for worry-free audit support? a. no. h&r block worry-free audit support is only offered for returns e-filed with an h&r block digital tax product. q. who will benefit using worry-free audit support? a. those clients who want no surprises after filing their taxes. it's a smart way to make sure you're covered no matter how complex your tax situation. the benefits of worry-free audit support will be invaluable in the event that you need representation because the irs questions your tax return. q. what is an enrolled agent? a. enrolled agents are tax professionals who have demonstrated special competence in tax matters and can represent taxpayers before the irs. enrolled agents do not provide legal representation signed power of attorney required. void where prohibited. q. what are the services offered with worry-free audit support? * enrolled agents do not provide legal representation signed power of attorney required. void where prohibited. h&r block 19.99|three-to-a-page 7 ring check binder binder holds the three-to-a-page business checks.binder size: 13 3/4in. x 9 1/4in..binders must be purchased at the same time as checks.  20.09
0|play music together mac play music together makes it easy to play guitar and sing with your kids. create and share your own version of the song! we teach families to make music together. this product features capo a puppet who helps children develop musical skills! iplaymusic 39.99|topics entertainment phonics success essentials phonics success essentials is the leading-edge suite of software tools for the personal computer. ideal for young students at all learning levels phonics success essentials has educator-endorsed award-winning lessons that will improve any student?s ...  17.55
0|broderbund printmaster platinum 16.0 break new ground in printcreativity!product information creative satisfaction starts here! satisfy your hunger for all things artistic with the latest in creativitysoftware! thousands of additional images and projects make p encore software 39.99|nero mix cd recording software imagine being able to record and backup cds at the touch of a button. imagine turning your hard drive into a computer music jukebox with easy-to-create playlists breath-taking 3d-visualizations and a professional 20-band equalizer. imagine being ...  41.42
0|world of warcraft expansion: burning crusade blizzard entertainment took online role playing by storm with their hit title world of warcraft. with mind-boggling improvements in graphics gameplay networking and interface -- really every category -- this game became the crown prince of the genre. world of warcraft players will be excited by the approaching release of the new expansion pack: world of warcraft: the burning crusade. this pack expands the already massive award-winning multiplayer online role-playing game by tremendous bounds adding new races lands battlegrounds professions and items and much much more. although no release date has been set here is sample of what you can expect from the burning crusade. the burning crusade is the highly anticipated unreleased expansion pack for blizzard's world of warcraft. what lies in medivh's tower? view larger. blood elves emerge as a new race in the burning crusade. view larger. the blood elves seek the golden destiny that has been promised to them. view larger. warcraft's newest continent: outland. view larger. once a beautiful land outland has been ravaged by war. view larger. outland is a vital strategic location. view larger. the expansion pack features an increase in the level cap to 70. there are two new playable races including the magical blood elves that you can read more about below. the other race has not yet been released by blizzard. there will be new starting zones in quel'thalas and beyond. another eye-opening addition is the entirely new unexplored continent of outland that is reachable through the dark portal. plus you'll find many new high-level dungeons to explore in azeroth outland and elsewhere that will substantially boost gameplay. there are new flying mounts in outland; tons of new and dangerous monsters (including epic world bosses); hundreds of new quests and items; and even a new profession: jewelcrafting. of course this isn't the end of the list -- this is just a glimpse of what blizzard has planned for their unreleased expansion pack. the new story the rumors and more several years have passed since the burning legion's defeat at mount hyjal and the races of azeroth have continued to rebuild their once shattered lives. with renewed strength the heroes of the horde and alliance have begun to explore new lands and have broken through the dark portal to investigate the realms beyond the known world. in this expansion pack the burning crusade refers to the burning legion's ongoing efforts to destroy life on azeroth. to date the burning legion's exploits have been documented in warcraft iii and in the war of the ancients novel trilogy. as part of the expansion pack players will now be able to travel through the dark portal to confront the legion on otherworldly battlefields. although only one race has been revealed blizzard has announced plans to unveil details about possible additional races at a later date. on the other hand many details have been released about the new continent outland. players last visited outland in warcraft iii: the frozen throne alongside illidan as he conquered the pit lord magtheridon's domain. players will also gain access to quel'thalas the region to the northeast of the forsaken lands where the blood elves reside. blizzard says that this expansion pack holds even more new areas that are ripe for player exploration -- additional details will be revealed in the months ahead. blizzard also has plans to add new dungeons and battlegrounds with the expansion though the exact number has not yet been determined. one upcoming dungeon that has players excited is karazhan which is located within medivh's tower. because medivh has played such a central role in warcraft lore blizzard is convinced that longtime players will be especially interested in seeing what karazhan contains. as for battlegrounds blizzard has released very little information. however they have announced plans to make some of the battles from the past accessible through the caverns of time. blood elves: the new race thousands of years ago the exiled highborne landed on the shores of lordaeron and founded the enchanted kingdom of quel'thas. these high elves as they called themselves created a fountain of vast magical energies within the heart of their land -- the sunwell. over time they grew dependant on the sunwell's unstable energies regardless of the bitter lessons they'd learned in ages past. during the third war the villainous prince arthas invaded quel'thalas and reduced the once-mighty realm to rubble and ashes. his undead army decimated nearly all of the high elven population. in addition he used the sunwell's energies to resurrect a powerful undead lich kel'thuzad thereby fouling the sunwell's mystical waters. the few elven survivors realizing that they had been cut off from the source of their arcane power grew increasingly volatile and desperate. in the midst of the elves' darkest hour came kael'thas sunstrider the last of quel'thalas' royal bloodline. kael as he was commonly known knew that the remnant of his people would not long survive without the nourishing magic that once empowered them. renaming his people blood elves in honor of their fallen countrymen kael taught the survivors how to tap into ambient mystical energies -- even demonic energies -- in order to sate their terrible thirst for magic. in search of a new destiny for his people kael'thas ventured to the remote world of outland where he encountered the fallen night elf illidan. under illidan's watchful eye kael and his blood elves regained much of their former power. unfortunately the blood elves practice of embracing demonic energies caused their former comrades in the alliance to shun them. thus the remaining blood elves on azeroth look desperately to the horde to help them reach outland where they can reunite with kael'thas and achieve the golden destiny he has promised them. outland: the new continent once the beautiful homeworld of the orcs all that remains of draenor is the scattered wastes of outland. following the second war the alliance invaded draenor by crossing through the dark portal. to their horror they discovered that ner'zhul -- the dark warlord of horde -- had constructed a series of new gateways that could lead the beaten horde to newer unspoiled worlds. as the alliance forces closed in around him ner'zhul opened his gateways as a means of escape. however his plan backfired and the gateway's clashing energies resulted in a massive catastrophic explosion that ultimately ripped the world of draenor to pieces. nearly thirteen years later -- towards the end of the third war -- the fallen night elf illidan discovered that huge chunks of draenor still existed floating upon the astral winds of the twisting nether. after his defeat at the hands of the evil prince arthas illidan fled to the remnants of draenor and dubbed them outland. he quickly seized control of the chaotic region and sealed the last of ner'zhul's gateways. though he is the undisputed ruler of the ravaged land illidan lives in fear that he will be discovered by his powerful enemies -- most notably arthas the new lich king and the remaining lords of the burning legion. for now outland is home to a number of scattered draenei tribes primitive orcs and powerful arcane creatures of the nether itself. agents of the burning legion have also targeted the region as a vital strategic location in their unending burning crusade to scour all life from the universe. what else can expected? blizzard has tantalized warcraft players with the brief glimpse into the burning crusade's storyline. will these heroes find friends or foes? what dangers and rewards lie in wait beyond the dark portal? and what will they do when they discover that the demons they thought were vanquished have returned to renew their terrible burning crusade? these and other questions will remain unanswered until the gameplay can be explored by role-playing warcrafters. blizzard entertainment 39.99|hewlett packard 302127-b21 prol essentials rdp v1.x 1u flex lic min qty 5 prol essentials rdp v1.x 1u flex lic min qty 5  119.73
0|tomb raider: legend tomb raider: legend brings back the gaming world's sexiest and most intrepid adventurer. follow lara down a path of discovery as she travels the globe to remote exotic locales in search of one of history's greatest artifacts that unleash unwelcome figures from lara's mysterious past. use her skills to explore vast treacherous tombs riddled with challenging puzzles and deadly traps. physics water and fire systems bring the perilous environments of lara's world alive and challenge the player to improvise solutions to obstacles. jump into the future of adrenaline-fueled adventure. eidos interactive 19.99|professor(r) teaches office 2003 proficiency with microsoft office programs is essential to functioning effectively in todays business world. professor teaches office 2003 will help you to increase your knowledge improve your productivity and allow you to learn at your own pace. ...  29.97
0|gorilla 4 pro our most popular selling product the pro edition is designed for the professional filmmaker. everything is at your fingertips including a full contact manager complete budgeting and scheduling locations film festivals and more. the best thing about gorilla is that it is simple. other budgeting and scheduling programs are complex convoluted and hard to navigate through. gorilla has a simple menu-driven interface and is very easy to learn. ...and it's not only budgeting and scheduling. take a closer look at all the features this program has to offer. jungle software 399|sylvia woods teach yourself to play the folk harp now available on dvd! this is the first video exclusively for the folk harp that teaches the student how to play the instrument step by step. each of the 12 lessons includes instructions exercises and folk and classical pieces using the new skills ...  40.3
0|microsoft outlook 2007 microsoft outlook 2007 is a comprehensive time and information manager for your busy digital life. you'll never have problems with personal information again. take control of the tools you need to prioritize organize and search. schedule and block off time to follow up on items manage your daily priorities and use windows sharepoint services technology to manage every aspect of your digital life more effectively. manage your shared information and content in one interface through sharepoint services -- documents calendars contacts tasks and other information are easier than ever to handle stay safe from junk mail and phishing web sites - the improved junk e-mail filter and has added new features that disable links and warn you about threatening content within an e-mail message color-code your information for easier organization -- it's a simple visual way to distinguish items from one another manage all your blogs to rss feeds directly through outlook 2007 new attachment preview helps you see your office outlook 2007 attachments with one click directly in the reading pane saving you time and effort microsoft 109.95|apple mac os x v10.4 tiger software - family pack apple & mac software mac os x v10.4 tiger operating system software - five license family pack the mac os x v10.4 tiger software family pack is apple's fifth major release of the osx operating system. it includes innovations that continue to push performance and speed ...  199.95
0|zonealarm pro firewall zonealarm pro delivers powerful multi-layered security to your pc with an advanced firewall anti-spyware identity theft protection privacy protection and other functions. its comprehensive easy-to-use features can enhance basic firewall or antivirus programs and are perfect for anyone concerned about online privacy. network and program firewall features these features deliver proactive firewall protection with multiple layers of security that stop inbound outbound and program attacks while remaining completely invisible to hackers. it also prevents spyware and other malicious programs from sending your personal information across the internet automatically makes your computer invisible to anyone on the internet protects your programs from malware and more. operating system firewall (osfirewall) features this additional layer of security prevents hard-to-remove spyware from getting onto your pc and causing damage. the os firewall will monitor program installation and registry changes and file access down to your pc's core. it will also monitor additional program actions for more thorough protection and prevents malicious software from damaging files in your core windows operating system. identity theft protection features while zonealarm continues to secure your identity information on your pc these new identity theft protection services also prevent identity theft over the internet and even in the physical world. anti-spyware spy site blocking and privacy protection features these features always run full-strength to catch and eliminate spyware before it gets onto your pc. it prevents spyware from getting on your pc by blocking its primary source: spyware distribution websites. it also manages and blocks pop-up ads online profiling cookies cache and scripts so you can surf in peace. other protections email security will quarantine suspicious attachments to help defend against unknown viruses and automatically halts outbound messages to keep you from accidentally infecting others. the wireless pc protection feature automatically detects wireless networks and secures your pc from hackers and other internet threats wherever you're connected--at home or on the road. one-click control temporarily suppresses most security alerts and prevents them from interrupting your gaming while maintaining maximum protection for your pc. and last but not least the smartdefense service feature provides your pc with real-time security updates improved response to breaking spyware threats and new attack protection capabilities. zone labs 39.99|microsoft word 2004 system requirements: g3 mac os x compatible. mac os x version 10.2 or later. 128 mb of ram. 196 mb of available hard disk space for a default installation; the hard-disk space requirement varies according to the components you choose to install and ...  209.99
0|imsi turbocad designer v.11 the fastest easiest way to design!product informationit's easy to bring your wildest design ideas to life with turbocad's powerfulvisualization tools.&nbsp; create professional 2d sketches and precisiondrawings that are sure to impress.&nbsp; the best par imsi 39.99|sony playstation 2: karaoke revolution presents: american idol karaoke revolution presents: american idol lets you sing and perform using a usb headset/microphone as you compete through a fully recreated virtual season of the 1 tv show in america. play the part of an american idol contestant as you audition ...  39.99
0|pitstop pro 7.0 upgr - 6.x or higher pitstop pro 7.0 upgr - 6.x or higher enfocus software 199|poetry fiction and drama (win/mac) (jewel case) (10172) poetry fiction and drama (win/mac) (jewel case) brand: fogware publishing mpn: 10172 variant name: poetry fiction and drama (win/mac) (jewel case)  9.59
0|cisco syst. minor release:requires existing ( cww-6.1-win-mr )  cisco systems - enterprise 0|me too software i transfer dvds 2 ipod   29.99
0|phase one capture one pro win/mac capture one pro is workflow software that integrates perfectly with your dslr camera enabling full control over your images from capture to print. this full digital workflow solution matches the high demands of the modern professional photographer. you'll create print-ready images with amazing quality by means of a few simple steps saving you a great deal of time and effort. as an extra bonus you get access to phase one's patent-pending image processing algorithms which deliver the highest image quality in the respective ccd or cmos sensor class. added support for canon's eos 10d 300d d30 d60 cameras individual noise-reduction for each image individual camera profile for each image image saturation adjustment slider automatic levels adjustment quick develop allows fast conversion to tiff or jpeg dual-image view to compare two images side-by-side phase one 499|encore software 12491 - encore kissing canines - screen saver encore software 12491 : finally a screen saver for the dog lover in all of us. kissing canines brings the entertainment and joy of dogs to your computer while bringing a smile to your face again and again. /pp in this video screen saver real dogs ...  17.97
0|imsi turbocad designer v.11 the fastest easiest way to design!product informationit's easy to bring your wildest design ideas to life with turbocad's powerfulvisualization tools.&nbsp; create professional 2d sketches and precisiondrawings that are sure to impress.&nbsp; the best par imsi 39.99|emedia music corp emedia piano & keyboard method emedia piano and keyboard method cd-rom offers everything you need to learn how to play. over 300 step-by-step lessons start from basics such as hand position rhythm and playing on black keys and move on to music notation sight reading scales ...  49.21
0|ntrack anti-theft by synet electronics ntracker anti-theft by synet electronics win 98 me 2k xp global marketing partners 0|t07-00449 microsoft business solutions crm sales standard - software assurance - 1 user - microsoft t07-00449 : usually ships in 24 hours : : accessible from microsoft outlook and the web microsoft crm sales helps sales people manage leads and opportunities measure and forecast sales activity efficiently track customer communications ...  335.47
0|sony vegas 6 + dvd [old version] with vegas 6 + dvd you have an integrated environment for handling each phase of video production. edit and proces your digital video and hdv in real-time and manipulate it with incredible precision. it also lets you burn your own dvd copies with dvd architect 3. this software is a must-have tool for the professional media author. sony pictures digital entertainment 899.95|i copydvds 2 professional edition the 1 selling dvd backup solution - bar none! create perfect dvd movie copies. create backups of any dvd movie. burns dvd movies from dvd to dvd. new feature: now includes burn suite 2005 new feature:capture edit and author dvd video new feature: ...  27.9
0|unreal tournament 2004 ( dvd-rom ) the unreal tournament 2004 2-disc dvd edition takes you a century into the future where humanity exists only for the sport of alien conquerors. reload and ride out to the arenas for all-new action and combat! this 2-disc dvd has an incredible set of options for the hardcore gamers -- land and air based vehicles a huge arsenal new arenas and assault and onslaught modes make the gladiator blood sport of the future a brand new experience. commit vehicular slaughter with indestructible tanks gut-twisting space fighters and other war machines join your squadron for the the multiplayer mayhem of onslaught mode -- complete with live voice chat in true 3d audio go on point for assault mode with bone-crunching new additions make your mark on the game -- mods movies and even full games with the included unrealed toolset atari 29.99|punch software pro home design suite   61.8
0|ae outlook 2007 win32  microsoft corp 0|fogware publishing funny faces the fun starts here! use your imagination and transform into any character you want to be. laugh click and create a new you with funny faces photo edition software! features: invent a hilarious new look using your own digital image! chan  16.93
0|national geographic photo gallery (jewel case) national geographic photo gallery gives you the images you need to add a touch of the unusual or exotic to any print project! topics entertainment 9.99|webroot software inc - 31250 - spy sweeper spanish a sypware infection is no longer just a matter of enduring annoying pop-ups ads a chaning homepage or a slow-performing computer. today's spyware is far more harmful and places personal information privacy and perhaps even your identity at risk.  24.81
0|reel deal casino quest traditional slots bonus game slots and multi-playvideo poker!product information reel deal casino quest brings the high-paced fastaction of a las vegas casino right to your pc.&nbsp; a wide variety of casinogames each crafted in gorgeous detail.&nbsp phantom efx 19.99|pete huttlinger john denver homespun video learn to play the songs of john denver - dvd john denver was one of the most beloved figures in the history of american popular music. pete huttlinger was john's lead guitarist from 1994 until his tragic death in 1997 accompanying him on world tours grammy-winning recordings and tv specials. ...  22.13
0|acad vegas movie studio +dvd 8 platinum acad vegas movie studio +dvd - 8 platinum sony pictures digital entertainment 0|mavis beacon teaches typing 16 deluxe overview computers have changed society and influenced every part of business and personal communication. due to the overwhelming prevalence of computers it is more important than ever to develop strong keyboarding skills. whether you're e-mailing ...  34.9
0|south park chef's luv shack chef takes on the role of game show host in a wild multiplayer match featuring all your favorite south park characters! compete with your friends in dozens of minigames that test your south park gaming skills! it's no mystery why they call south park: chef's luv shack the greatest party game ever! is there anything this game doesn't do? in addition to being a really fun and surprisingly challenging trivia contest this game features well over a dozen minigames that draw upon some of the greatest gaming genres ever created. acclaim 39.95|office mac student/teach 04 model- ms-cd73797mc vendor- microsoft corporation features- office 2004 for mac student and teacher edition- full version office 2004 for mac student and teacher edition gives you all the leading presentation spreadsheet word processing and e-mail ...  146.02
0|adobe photoshop elements 5.0/premier elements 3.0 [lb] model- adbcd00166wi vendor- adobe software features- photoshop elements 5.0 plus adobe premiere elements 3.0 bundle bring out the best in your photos! adobe photoshop elements 5.0 plus adobe premiere elements 3.0 software combines two powerful yet easy-to-use products to deliver the most complete photo and video editing solution. jazz up photo slide shows with cinematic effects and transitions; use freeze frames to add a dramatic pause to your video or to make professional-looking dvd covers and labels; create personalized dvds; and easily share on the web. now telling your stories with photos and videos is easier than ever. * new features - put photo slide shows in motion create a traditional photo slide show and then add video-style effects and transitions and add motion to your text. preview the slide show in full screen and then burn it to dvd to share with family and friends. - do more with individual video frames capture a single video frame add text graphics and other enhancements and then put the frame back in your movie for a fun or dramatic freeze-frame effect. or grab a video frame and create a personalized dvd cover for your movie. - include treasured memories in your videos add visual depth and variety to your videos by including scanned old photographs and digital still photos. - instantly fix common flaws or perform advanced editing fix common flaws with a click and edit with less fuss; perfect your photos with advanced options; and have fun with artistic compositing and special effects. - show photos in creative entertaining ways make customized photo creations using themed layouts for everything adobe 149.99|brain play 1st-3rd grade boost growing minds with the brain-building activities of brain play! earn money to play arcade games by solving real-world math challenges around the stores of spectacle city! conduct experiments build your own mars rover play trivia games & more ...  17.9
0|mariner calc speadsheet (mac) mariner calc is spreadsheet software designed to aid users in analyzing simulating and forecasting numerical data. simpler to use and absorbing far less memory than microsoft excel mariner calc adds new options through its use of multiple layers in a single document. the software also features spreadsheets as large as 32 000 rows by 32 000 columns for analyzing large data sets and graphics and drawing tools to enhance the appearance of your documents. you'll also get 15 chart types dynamic scrolling an 80 000-plus-word dictionary and mac drag-and-drop functionality that offers an attractive alternative to cutting copying and pasting. in addition the multiple undo feature lets you trace your last nine steps. and most importantly mariner calc opens microsoft excel documents with ease giving you a streamlined alternative when building spreadsheet files. mariner software 59.99|corel intervideo windvd 8 platinum software for windows authoring software windvd 8 platinum software for windows the windvd 8 platinum software for windows from corel intervideo is a dvd video playback application for windows. the software leverages computer technologies such as dual-core processors and nvidia pure video ...  69.95
0|peachtree by sage premium accounting for nonprofits 2007 peachtree premium accounting for nonprofits 2007 is the affordable easy to use accounting solution that provides you with donor/grantor management. if you're like most nonprofit organizations you're constantly striving to maximize each and every dollar of your annual operating budget. financial reporting by programs and funds advanced operational reporting and the rock-solid core accounting features that have made peachtree the choice of hundreds of thousands of small businesses. the result is an accounting solution tailor-made for the challenges of operating a nonprofit organization. keep an audit trail to record and report on any changes made to your transactions improve data integrity with prior period locking archive your organization's data for snap shots of your data before you closed your year set up individual user profiles with password protection peachtree restore wizard restores all backed-up data files plus web transactions and customized forms includes all standard accounting features - general ledger accounts receivable &accounts payable; payroll solutions; time & billing and job costing; fixed assets; analysis and reporting & customization easily convert from quickbooks sage software 599.99|corel ulead videostudio 11 video editing and dvd authoring software for windows authoring software videostudio 11 video editing and dvd authoring software for windows special offer the videostudio 11 video editing and dvd authoring software for windows from corel ulead is a great way to get started editing your home movies and burning them onto ...  89.95
0|netgear vpn01l vpn client software netgear's prosafe vpn client software delivers the ideal solution with robust encryption and broad support across multiple connection types and microsoft windows operating platforms. the prosafe vpn client provides easy setup and seamless compatibility with the full line of netgear vpn & firewall routers as well as compatibility with ipsec vpn solutions. a wide range of security protocols and authentication methods including advanced encryption standard (aes) data encryption standard (des) 3des message-digest algorithm (md5) and secure hash algorithm (sha-1). also public-key infrastructure (pki) and internet key exchange (ike - main and aggressive modes) plus a wide range of smart cards and certificate authorities is supported. netgear prosafe vpn client software also provides protected access to corporate resources via wireless broadband and dial-up connections. supports netgear vpn/firewall routers including the fvs318 fvl328 fvm318 and fwag114 as well as many other ipsec-compliant vpn devices. enables client-initiated vpns from windows 98 me xp 2000 and windows nt-based pcs. smart card support pkcs 7 certificate chains pkcs 10 certificate requests pkcs 12 certificate import mscapi support diffie-helman group support - group 1-modp 768 group 2  modp 1024 group 5  modp 1536 authentication mechanisms - preshared keys rsa signatures key management - ike (internet key exchange) ipsec modes - tunnel transport compression - ipcomp deflate and plug-in support for lzs system requirements - pentium (or equivalent processor) pc microsoft windows 98 me windows nt 4.0 windows 2000 windows xp operating system 16 mb ram for windows 98 32 mb ram for nt 64 mb for me and 2000 64 mb for xp 35 mb hard disk space netgear 89.99|omni web 5.0 sure you can use a standard web browser with standard features. but you didn't choose a standard software experience - you chose the mac. why not try a browser built just for discriminating people with fabulous taste like yourself? omniweb5 ...  23.99
0|steinberg nuendo 3 digital audio software nuendo 3 is designed to serve the needs for everyone producing sound for film television video or game. the new version of steinberg's renowned media production system offers more features for post production than ever before and also sets new standards in surround production. an extensive set of new features for traditional stereo audio production and an overall enhancement of many existing functions make nuendo one of the most powerful tools for any kind of media production available anywhere. top new features of nuendo 3 import and export of aaf (advanced authoring format) integrates the most modern project interchange format which is supported by companies such as avid apple digidesign sadie merging fairlight and adobe the improved media management tools include user definable event attributes and extended search functions enabling the user to setup and search his own audio databases; the convenient renaming functionality allows for comfortable and quick renaming of multiple clips regions and events the new warp to picture feature allows lightning-fast matching of audio to picture such as fine tuning of dialog replacement or aligning music to picture seamless integration of pinnacle liquid video editing technology through x-send project import from liquid video editing applications new afl/pfl functionality: pressing the l (listen) button on any channel enables you to exclusively monitor channel signal on the audition bus with routing an... steinberg 2499|ibm websphere development studio client advanced edition for iseries - ( v. 7.0 ) - media advanced iseries v7.0ml 0pts  108.95
0|iview mediapro 2.5  global marketing 199.99|american sign language as the third most commonly used language in the united states american sign language is the fastest growing form of communication. instant immersion american sign language is the quick and easy way many beginners learn how to sign. based on the ...  10.57
0|reel deal casino shuffle master edition reel deal casino shuffle master edition is packed with the hot casino games -- master them and become a high roller! phantom efx 19.99|cd364-ahk9= cisco ios enterprise/firewall/ids plus ipsec 3des - complete package - cd cisco systems cd364-ahk9= : usually ships in 24 hours : : cisco ios (internetworking operating system) software is the platform that delivers network services and enables networked applications.  3290.22
0|superstart! science arcade kids can discover a fun new way to learn about the amazing world of science. learn about machines great inventors and their inventions the solar system music and more - the kid-friendly environment makes it easy. selectsoft publishing 24.95|corel painter x academic system requirements mac os x (version 10.3.9 or higher with latest revision applied) macintosh computer with a 700 mhz or faster power pc g4 power pc g5 or intel processor 256 mb of ram (512 mb recommended) mouse or tablet 24-bit color display ...  94.99
0|starship troopers/first to fight bundle the close combat: first to fight / starship troopers bundle gives you a chance to battle for survival with the toughest soldiers around. destineer 19.95|rainbow fish and the whale rainbow fish is trapped inside the whale and needs help getting out. in this adventure children will encounter interesting characters and experience challenging games - all with their favorite fish rainbow. adventure based on marcus pfister?s ...  6.95
0|age of empires iii you've landed on the new world. ready to stake your claim? so is everybody else. so have some before you. many will follow after you. how do you attain satisfaction wealth and power? then manage to keep it? it takes lots of strategic thinking. if you think other are standing idylly by you're wrong. it's going to be rough and nasty. crush your enemies with devastating cannons rifled infantry and your naval fleet. build a thriving empire with a booming economy. form strategic alliances with native americans. universal binary - works with both intel and powerpc macs gamespy top 5 game of the year 2005 award system requirements (tentative) - macintosh computer with a g4/g5 or intel processor running at 1.4ghz or faster mac os x v10.3.9 or higher 512mb ram 64 mb video card (with support for hardware t & l). 56k dial-up internet access or lan for online play destineer 49.99|sage software peachtree complete accounting 2007 software for windows tax & finance software peachtree complete accounting 2007 software for windows the peachtree complete accounting 2007 software for windows from sage software is an accounting software solution designed for businesses with accounting payroll and inventory needs. the ...  249.95
0|diskeeper 2007 professional single lic pack diskeeper 2007 is a defrag solution like no other. maintain your computers at peak performance without facing defragmenting problems and extending the life of your system. using a brand new technology called invisitasking diskeeper 2007 can defrag the hard drive on the fly in real time. diskeeper 2007 runs with complete transparency in the background. there will never be a conflict with resources or a need for scheduling. the only way you will know diskeeper 2007 is there is the dramatic increase in performance and reliability that you will experience after installation. diskeeper corporation 79.21|qb pos 6.0 basic software qb pos 6.0 basic retail mngmt software. for retailers who need basic inventory sales and customer tracking. intuit 637.99
0|stopzilla 4.0 stopzilla 4 offers real-time protection from spyware and adware. it's got the most advanced pop-up protection available and it also has integrated cookie cleaning and history removal. keep your pc security updated constantly with configurable alert warnings and automatic updates. make sure you always intercept unwanted intrusions and annoying online advertising. free 24/7 support via live chat email or toll free 800 number roxio 47.33|warner home video - games hospital tycoon exclusively on pc manage and maintain the hospital. make sure the patients get cured and thestaff are kept happy. do you have what it takes?  26.33
0|iriscard pro business card scanner the iriscard pro business card scanner is the most popular multilingual business card scanning solution and is ideal for individuals and both large and small companies. by quickly and easily scanning your business cards the iriscard pro can help you keep a record of all important contacts. convenient and versatile it synchronizes with pocket pcs and palm devices as well as outlook and outlook express. to help keep you organized the iriscard pro features a one-touch export button so you can send your contacts to your favorite electronic address book after scanning them. the iriscard pro is a multilingual business card scanning solution that is ideal for both large and small companies. view larger. the system utilizes cardiris software the iriscard organizer tool. view screenshots. iriscard works with a variety of email software packages. view screenshots. small and easy to use the iriscard pro offers reliable and incredibly easy operation. simply insert your business cards inside the unit and they will be instantaneously captured into your computer with precision. you can also export or synchronize the data with your electronic address book so it's a snap to access the exact information you need when you need it. the iriscard pro works with a variety of email software packages including outlook outlook express address book now contact and entourage. it also recognizes cards from up to 56 countries features eight user-interface languages (english french spanish italian portuguese german dutch and russian) and is usb powered so it's the ideal travel companion. where and when to use the iriscard pro compact light and portable the iriscard pro comes in handy at home in the office or on the road. at home the iriscard pro lets you keep your personal address book always up-to-date. it's also an efficient full-color usb-powered twain photo scanner that digitizes your 4 x 6 pictures with up to 600 dots per inch (dpi) resolution. and thanks to its ergonomic design it's much more comfortable to use than regular flatbed scanners. at the office you can rely on the iriscard pro to help minimize disorganized piles of business cards cluttering up your desk. since this device scans retypes and exports your contacts in just seconds they're instantly available to you rather than scattered all over your workplace. the iriscard pro also helps you out when you're away from your home or office. whether at trade shows conferences or other out-of-town events the iris card pro is the best tool to quickly store new contacts and follow up on all your leads. after your trip you can choose the album view function which shows either a multi-card display to quickly visualize scanned cards or a single card display to easily add notes or additional information. special operating features the iriscard pro uses bcr technology that combines i.r.i.s. ocr and field parsing technologies for accurate recognition and field matching. the system also utilizes cardiris the iriscard business card recognition software and organizer tool. thanks to the user-friendly interface and automatic orientation deskewing and cropping of the business cards you'll never have to struggle to get consistent high-quality results. to rapidly and accurately convert business cards into database records the iriscard also offers state-of-the-art field analysis while the zoom function lets you see every detail in each card. designed for ocr on the fly this scanner gives you the option to drag and drop names emails and websites directly in the right database fields or in any application. additionally the windows version is enhanced with a database and useful sort search and selection tools to increase your daily contact management what's in the box usoa307 iriscard business card scanner usb cable calibration card for the scanner software cd-rom (cardiris business card organizer software demo version of readiris pro ocr software goodcontacts) quick installation guide and registration card and user license. iris 199.99|sega 68008 phantasy star universe x360 010086680089 sega 68008 phantasy star universe x360 010086680089  29.33
0|apple mac os x tiger 10.4.6 (mac dvd) simply put apple mac os x tiger 10.4.6 will change the way you use a computer. breakthrough search technology stunning graphics and media unparalleled connectivity an intuitive user interface and a virtual toolbox chock full of cleverly integrated features -- all atop a rock-solid unix foundation -- give you the most innovative stable and compatible desktop operating system on the planet. period. the new dashboard hosts nifty mini-applications called widgets that keep you informed. spotlight is a lightning-fast search technology that illuminates every corner of your mac. view larger. safari boasts powerful rss support. see more safari features. ichat av supports multi-party high-quality video conferencing. quicktime 7 features user-friendly controls and pristine h.264 video. mac os x tiger is the most family-friendly operating system ever developed thanks to parental controls. view email protection. dashboard: get info in a dashthe new dashboard hosts nifty mini-applications called widgets that appear instantly and keep you up to date with timely information from the internet. view stocks check weather forecasts track flights convert currency and units of measure even look up businesses in the phone book. similar to expos the dashboard zooms across your desktop at the click of a function key. your favorite widgets appear with up-to-the-second information then disappear just as easily so you can get back to what you were doing. dashboard is home to widgets: mini-applications that let you perform common tasks and provide you with fast access to information. with a single click dashboard appears complete with widgets that bring you a world of information -- real-time weather stock tickers flight information and more -- instantly. dashboard lets you play pause skip forward and backward through songs in your itunes music library using a simplified controller. you can view weather conditions around the world or check temperatures expected highs and lows and a six-day forecasts of cities around the world. a translator widget lets you translate words and phrases instantly between english chinese dutch french german greek italian japanese korean portuguese and russian. and you can use dashboard to search the phone directory by name or category to display the phone numbers and addresses for publicly listed u.s. businesses in your area. and best of all dashboard disappears just as easily as it appears so you can get back to what you were doing. tiger includes a suite of widgets to get you started and you can add more anytime. with so many widgets at your disposal the widget bar comes in handy. click the plus sign and dashboard launches a widget bar displaying every available widget. drag widgets from the bar to the dashboard and watch as they appear with a cool ripple effect. once you have your widgets where you want them just close the widget bar with a single click. spotlight: find anything fasttiger introduces spotlight the lightning-fast search technology that illuminates every corner of your mac displaying results as fast as you type. search everything on your system: files emails contacts images movies calendars and applications appear instantly. just as you find songs on itunes by name artist or album spotlight results take you way beyond mere filename and location: they include all the metadata inside files including the kind of content the author edit history format size and many more details. spotlight for mac os x tiger lets you blaze through your files and applications and see results as soon as you type the very first letter. that's because spotlight indexes files on your computer transparently and in the background so you never experience lag times or slowdowns. and when you make a change such as adding a new file receiving an email or entering a new contact spotlight updates its index automatically so search results are always up-to-the-moment accurate. when you search via spotlight you're actually accessing a comprehensive constantly updated index that sees all the metadata inside supported files -- the what when and who of every piece of information saved on your mac. most documents including microsoft word documents photoshop images and emails already contain rich metadata. and because spotlight indexes content as well your search results include what appears inside a file or document not just its title. you can also use descriptive words to get amazingly targeted results even across thousands of files. for example to find everything from a colleague type the person's name. spotlight returns documents she authored or edited images she emailed messages she wrote (and messages you sent to her) and her contact information. you see results in sorted categories for easy browsing picking and clicking. tiger: your communications centertiger turns your mac into a communications hub. safari rss for tiger features built-in rss feed detection and display. mail and address book incorporate spotlight technology to help you organize your contacts and correspondence. and ichat av lets you video conference audio chat or send instant messages with friends and colleagues. add a .mac account and make the most of tiger connectivity with idisk storage a mac.com email address your own home page and powerful syncing capability. works well with othersmac os x tiger boasts better compatibility than any other desktop operating system in the world. you can share files with windows users connect to any network and communicate automatically with other macs using bonjour technology. and thanks to its solid unix foundation tiger offers a powerful security architecture that protects your data from prying eyes. experience mac os x tiger for yourself and see how it changes the way you work play search and share on a mac. can't find what you need? spotlight makes fruitless searches a thing of the past. think you can't write an automated script? try automator and think again. want to share media with friends and family? tiger's integrated features make it simple. in fact tiger offers a feature for every reason you use a computer and then some. apple computer 129|avery dennison 5239 - designpro deluxe v.5.0 software for microsoft windows with sample pack - complete product - desktop publishing - 1 user(s) - complete product - standard avery dennison 5239 : customize and print professional looking labels cards dividers and more in minutes! specifications : manufacturer : avery dennison manufacturer part number : 5239 product name : designpro deluxe v.5.0 software for microsoft ...  29.97
0|sportsman's double play sportsman's double play gives you the very best in fishing and shooting action. it's easy to play and takes you to multiple competitions for fun & practice. fish and shoot in scenic areas alone or compete in a tournament or with a friend. masque publishing 19.95|microsoft(r) office standard 2007 quickly and easily manage your schedule and get things done at home or in the office with microsoft office standard 2007. an all-new streamlined interface plus enhanced picture charting and graphics tools make it simple to create great-looking ...  399.99
0|cakewalk sonar home studio 6 xl sonar home studio 6 xl makes it easy to produce professional music without being in a studio. the 64-bit double precision engine gives you pristine sound quality for unmatched music creation. active controller technology (act) dynamically re-maps effect mix and instruments to hardware controllers for easier music creation. the audiosnap suite lets you take complete control of your track while the synth rack makes automating instruments a snap. at every step of your production -- from composing with virtual instruments to recording mixing and beyond -- you'll fast forward your music production. sonar home studio xl adds value and more power with a selection of over one gigabyte of instrument sounds boost 11 peak limiter session drummer 2 drum instrument and more. 10 new professional audio effects. active controller technology (act) lets users easily control and automate effects instruments and their mix from midi controllers by automatically remapping controls to whatever has the focus rip from and burn to cd directly from sonar home studio automate tracks effects and instruments easily with enhanced automation tools. midi input quantize corrects the timing of midi performances in real-time. freeze tracks effects and virtual instruments to conserve cpu power. native and fully integrated support for vst plug-ins no wrapper required. dropzone sampler with extended library of instrument sounds including a drum pack and bass pack. cakewalk publisher lets users present and stream their music on the internet sonar home studio xl exclusives - boost 11 peak limiter - get more volume and punch from your final mix with this easy to use peak limiter/maximizer. boost 11 gives you professional results with a simple to use interface / dimension le - a special version of the synth from cakewalk. features over 400 sound programs ranging from real bass organ and electric piano samples t cakewalk 209|emedia essential bass guitar dvd   16.95
0|sibelius 4 educational edition sibelius is the complete software for writing playing printing and publishing music notation. it will make your life easier save you time produce fantastic results and enable you to do things you might never have dreamed of like publish your music on the internet or create your own cds. the new version sibelius 4 takes another giant leap forward with astonishing new features no other program can touch: dynamic parts beautifully laid-out instrumental parts that magically update themselves whenever you change the full score. worksheet creator save time by choosing from over 1700 high-quality worksheets exercises songs instrumental pieces lyrics posters & other resources. video now you too can compose a film/tv score! for professionals and students alike. includes videos to write for from charlie chaplin to mr bean. supports avi mpeg wmv (windows) mov formats with full smpte capability. other new features: sibeliuseducation.com optical beams & ties helsinki & other music fonts 11 new plug-ins on-screen tutorials & reference new & improved instruments from fife to balalaika family write remote keys enharmonically in transposing instruments (option) wildcards to include title page number date etc. in text print 2-up printing spreads improved reorder words in word menus improved quick start dialog many bugs fixed other key sibelius features: kontakt player... sibelius software ltd. 329|apple mac os x v10.4 tiger software - single user apple & mac software mac os x v10.4 tiger operating system software - single user the mac os x v10.4 tiger software is apple's fifth major release of the osx operating system. it includes innovations that continue to push performance and speed standards forward ...  114
0|comic book library with the marvel comic book library you can relive the first 10 adventures of 10 classic marvel characters on one super-powered cd-rom that works on pcs and macs! that's 100 complete comic books with character bios and three free bonus comics highlighting the debut and subsequent storylines of spider-man (1962) the incredible hulk (1962) daredevil (1964) the x-men (1975) the fantastic four (1961) captain america (1964) the avengers (1963) namor the sub-mariner (1962) iron man (1963) and the silver surfer (1966). here are the issue numbers: spider-man - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 15; avengers - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10; captain america - 59 60 61 62 63 64 65 66 67 68; daredevil - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10; fantastic four - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10; hulk - 1 2 3 4 5 6 60 61 62 63; tales of suspense - 39 40 41 42 43 44 45 46 47 48; silver surfer - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10; submariner - 70 71 72 73 74 75 76 77 78 79; x-men - 1 94 95 96 97 98 99 100 101 102. system requirements for pc: windows 98 or higher; 6mb available hard disk space; 64mb ram; netscape navigator 4.x or microsoft internet explorer 5.x or later; mouse or other pointing device. system requirements for mac: mac os x; minimum 64mb ram; netscape navigator 4.x or microsoft internet explorer 5.x or later; mouse or other pointing device. marvel 49.99|22790 vsi-fax - license - unlimited clients - linux unix win esker software 22790 : usually ships in 24 hours : : vsi-fax automates critical business communications which maximizes and streamlines day-to-day business operations - crucial to gaining and maintaining a competitive edge in today's fast-paced ...  4275.71
0|enemy territory: quake wars enemy territory: quake wars mac aspyr media 49.99|simple movie maker leap from camcorder photography to cinematic presentation. aa simple step with simple movie maker the novice-friendly editing software that puts you in the director's chair. effortlessly transfer your raw digital camcorder footage to your computer ...  12.9
0|the print shop 22 pro publisher deluxe sb cs by the print shop the print shop 22 pro publisher deluxe delivers more creative tools than any other print shop product along with the professional features you need to take control of your business communications. 400 000+ premium images & graphics plus! 22 000 professionally designed project templates! packed with the text and layout tools you need you'll easily create high quality projects including multi-page brochures stationery cd/dvd labels newsletters and more. enhanced photo editing tools provide the professional touch you need to make your photos look your best. whether you create slideshows burn to cd resize for a mobile phone or design and publish your own web pages showcasing your photos is easier than ever. new project size options photo quality printing and borderless print features mean your projects will have the refined look you want. dynamic project and image search capabilities will help you quickly and effortless find your saved projects or the perfect image or graphic for your creation. for easy share options export your projects to multiple file types including pdf jpeg tiff gif and much more! even manage your time with calender creator express the address book and improved mail merge for effortless mailings every time! encore software 99.95|michael thompson star licks beginning acoustic guitar beginning acoustic guitar features michael thompson one of rock's most talented session players and a berklee college of music graduate. michael has performed with many popular musicians including michael jackson michael bolton great white ...  11.23
0|route 66 route canada (french) door to door route planning for canada and the us. over 4 000 000 points-of-interest more than 11 500 000 kilometers of road over 75 000 000 house numbers over 6 500 000 streets gps-compatible multi-lingual user interface including french system requirements: power macintosh with mac os x 10.1 powerpc 400 mhz processor 128 mb ram 2.38 gb free hard disk space cd-rom drive 256 colors at 800x600 pixels format: mac 10.1 or higher csdc 0|cd72-ar1k9= cisco ios enterprise/snasw ipsec 3des - complete package - cd cisco systems cd72-ar1k9= : usually ships in 24 hours : : cisco ios (internetworking operating system) software is the platform that delivers network services and enables networked applications.  10576.76
0|autodesk discreet combustion 4 ( windows ) combustion 4 offers an easy-to-use interface non-destructive workflow and extensive toolset designed to help you bring your imagination to life while getting your work done faster. whether your task is to produce professional video motion graphics repurpose video content for the web or create effects for feature films or hdtv combustion 4 software delivers the first-rate power you need. key features and capabilities include: autodesk 0|29180162 adobe photoshop elements 4.0 plus adobe premiere elements 2.0 - complete package adobe systems 29180162 : usually ships in 24 hours : : adobe photoshop elements 4.  138.28
0|language lab german manufacturer warranty:andnbsp;andnbsp;90 days topics entertainment 39.99|acdpe400bxgv/ed-en acdsee photo editor - complete package - 1 user - edu gov ( mini-box ) - win acd systems acdpe400bxgv/ed-en : usually ships in 24 hours : : want to start being creative with your digital photos but don't know where to begin? maybe you think being creative with your photos is too difficult.  36.6
0|e-mu em8685 beat garden x emulator x2/proteus x2 soundset model- em8685 vendor- creative labs features- e-mu beat garden x legendary dutch sound designer rob papen and e-mu join forces to bring you every last sample of the beat garden rom for your proteus x and emulator x desktop instruments. all of beat garden xs presets have been meticulously programmed to e-mus powerful synth effects and filter parameters giving you hands-on control from the minute you load your sounds. * add a unique dimension to your tracks beat garden x is a soundset which combines techno and dance instruments with acoustic instruments and percussion. with a diverse palette of electronica/dance sounds beat garden x offers you everything from synths and basses to acoustic and electronic drumkits and percussion. the result is a surprising blend of the acoustic and electric worlds which will point new directions for your own music. * rob papen - world class sound designer and recording artist... sound designer and recording artist rob papen hails from the netherlands where he has created over 15 cds of recorded music including two number one hits. because of repeated requests for his personal sounds rob began producing soundsets for various synthesizers beginning in 1990. today rob is world renowned for his creative and cutting edge sound design. e-mu systems and rob papen are proud to present this superbly crafted collection for use in your own unique musical creations. -- specifications ---------------------------------- styles - electronica/dance banks - 4 presets - 525 requirements - for use with emulator x and proteus x manufacturer warranty:andnbsp;andnbsp;1 year e-mu 129.99|microsoft office basic edition 2003 - license and media microsoft office basic edition 2003 - license and media  124.95
0|microsoft licenses word olp c (05903871) model-059-03871 vendor- microsoft corporation features- word olp c microsoft word license/software assurance pack olp level c microsoft word is currently one of the most commonly used applications for creating critical documents such as reports letters business plans and more for the world wide web and for print. the newest version of word extends this tradition by giving users the tools they need to streamline the process of creating sharing reviewing and publishing their important documents. word version 2002 makes it easier for users to discover and use existing functionality and provides intelligent new ways for users to work with their documents. word now also makes it easier for users to share and review documents with others without changing the way they currently work. microsoft open volume license is a software-license program designed for maximum flexibility ease of use and ease of maintenance. with microsoft open volume you purchase as many licenses as you need for whichever microsoft products you prefer. in most cases you have the choice of which version of the software you wish to microsoft licenses 205.73|microsoft academic microsoft office project 2003 professional designed to improve your ability to organize work and communicate effectively.  176.99
0|pressure pop! click-popping frenzy!product informationthe pressure is on for you to pop the pieces before they fill up thescreen! how fast can you click and find those combos? incredible fast-pacedmind-popping fun! multiple game variations keep this classic fun fresh a selectsoft publishing 19.95|sage software peachtree complete accounting 2007 software for windows tax & finance software peachtree complete accounting 2007 software for windows the peachtree complete accounting 2007 software for windows from sage software is an accounting software solution designed for businesses with accounting payroll and inventory needs. the ...  249.95
0|before you know it - deluxe spanish edition for pc/mac before you know it spanish deluxe is the fastest and most effective way to learn spanish words and phrases. whether you're a beginner or a skilled speaker who needs to brush up you've got a full suite of tools for mastering a new language. in a few lessons you'll learn to understand and speak 1 000 common spanish words and 250 essential phrases. encore software 29.99|onone software inc. gfs-50212 - on1 genuine fractals v.5.0 - upgrade - image editing - 1 user - pc mac intel-based mac onone software inc. gfs-50212 : genuine fractals 5 is a revolutionary step forward for image enlargements. we've taken the industry standard and given it a complete overhaul. new scaling technology faster performance new features new user ...  66.97
0|cold zero: no mercy you are an unpredictable and vicious man who has turned to a life of violence after being blackmailed by the italian mafia. over 100 characters 100 weapons detailed 3d graphics and interactive environments. staying ruthless means staying alive! encore software 19.99|nova development ghw humorous greeting card factory art explosion humorous greeting card factory is the most powerful yet easy to use humorous greeting card software available. it goes far beyond competing products with many more unique possibilities now you can personalize and send the best ... nova development 29.99
0|talk now! learn dutch the fast fun and easy way to learn dutch! test your knowledge with quizzes and a challenging memory game. plus even compare your pronunciation to native speakers! eurotalk interactive 29.95|victory multimedia swolf6r submitwolf v6.0 9x/me/nt/2k/xp - by trellian llc *free shipping* free shipping available victory multimedia swolf6r submitwolf v6.0 9x/me/nt/2k/xp - by trellian llc *free shipping*  145
0|refviz v2 mac single user refviz v2 mac single user isi researchsoft 299.95|microsoft(r) office 2004 for mac standard edition upgrade version microsoft(r) office 2004 for mac standard edition upgrade version will help you present your ideas with more impact and seamlessly share information with your colleagues no matter which platform they use - mac or windows. word notebook layout view ...  234.95
0|window washer window washer (win 98 me 2000 xp) navarre (software) 29.95|palmspring software 523 oxford american desk dictionary oxford american desk dictionary 523 palmspring software palmspring software 24.2
0|symantec client security 3.1 with groupware protection business pack 50 user - marketing information: symantec client security with groupware protection proactively protects your business from viruses spyware hackers and spam by safeguarding your desktop computers file servers and email server against both known and emerging security risks. integrated graphical reporting and centralized management tools facilitate automatic timely protection and make it easy to secure your network from a single location. product information - software sub type: internet security - software name: client security v.3.1 with groupware protection business pack - complete product - features and benefits: - scans pop3 email messages and attachments - repairs changes made by viruses and spyware - permits administrators to customize spyware/adware policies - extends protection to email servers with symantec mail security - offers centralized installation configuration management and reporting - blocks intrusion attempts and hides desktops and remote computers from hackers - protects itself against malicious code that tries to disable antivirus software - automatically removes viruses and spyware while stopping hackers and online intrusions - collaborative security elements including client firewall intrusion protection and antivirus/antispyware deliver enhanced protection against known and emerging threats improved protection from spyware and adware including: - spyware repair enhancements automatically block spyware installation - stealthed spyware det symantec 3732|babnur1111s01 brightstor arcserve backup for netware w/sp1 - ( v. 11.1 ) - version upgrade pac computer associates international babnur1111s01 : usually ships in 24 hours : : delivering reliable recovery & backup for your distributed environment centered around novell netware backup servers this easy to use solution protects your novell ...  379.23
0|on hand spanish 1-2-3 ( windows ) spanish 1-2-3 makes it possible to write read and understand spanish more easily than ever before! this complete learning method offers visual reinforcement and pronunciation guides more quicker mastery of the language. on hand software 9.99|adobe cs3 production premium upgrade system requirements multicore intel processor (adobe photoshop extended illustrator flash professional and after effects professional are universal binary and also work on a powerpc g4 or g5 processor; adobe onlocation? is a windows ...  822.99
0|chicken hunter: license to grill - the great poultry race in chicken hunter: license to grill you're on a mission -- to win the peppy poultry race called the barnyard 500. with 8 different courses and 3 power classes this is no ordinary race. barnyard hijinks run amuck as all sorts of zany antics go full swing to try to win the prize. encore 9.99|encore software 10467 - clickart 950k dvd 2006 by broderbund encore software 10467 : encore software clickart 950k dvd 2006 by broderbund - 10467  25.97
0|instant immersion french deluxe 2.0 topics entertainment instant immersion french deluxe 2.0 you set the pace for learning with this series of personalized beginner intermediate and advanced programs. with entertaining instruction on 20 key lessons including vocabulary grammar and phonetics you will quickly start speaking reading and writing french windows pc only topics entertainment 49.99|treasure mountain answer their reading thinking math and science questions and the elves will reward you with clues and coins to help you master the mountain!  8.95
0|40 years of the avengers 40 years of the avengers - earth's mightiest heroes collects the full story of one of the world's most enduring superhero teams. the avengers are a team of superheroes who face threats that no single hero could stand against. over the past four decades they've saved the world countless times -- now you can experience every adventure at your lesiure! this dvd collects over 535 complete issues every page from every issue (september 1963 thru december 2005). included are all the annuals. over 19 000 pages in all. git corp 49.99|encore software 460001 - the big box of art 410000 95/98/me/nt4/w2k/xp (win 95 98 me nt 2000 xp) encore software 460001 : get over a million images to complement every project! the big box of art 410000 gives you an overwhelming selection of photos clip art animations web graphics and photo clip art images and our fast fun and easy browser ...  17.97
0|cosmic blobs: lab rat edition (win & mac) cosmic blobs lets you create a fantastic mini animated movie complete with a soundtrack. bend stretch pull and flatten basic shapes like digital modeling clay into amazing 3d models. the easy-to-use mouse controls and colorful decorating activities offer endless ways to make fantastic and colorful objects. solidworks corporation 39.99|sid meiers civilization iii for pc conquests takes players on a provocative journey through the ages as they pursue victory in the most famous conquests in history.  7.99
0|wacky bird hunter can you save the earth from a zany invasion of wacky birds? this outrageously entertaining game is sure to keep you in stitches! over 100 addictive fun-filled levels! the birds fly fast & furious - miss too many and youll be left behind! selectsoft publishing 19.95|i copydvds 2 professional edition the 1 selling dvd backup solution - bar none! create perfect dvd movie copies. create backups of any dvd movie. burns dvd movies from dvd to dvd. new feature: now includes burn suite 2005 new feature:capture edit and author dvd video new feature: ...  27.9
0|cinescore professional soundtrack edition sony cinescore is a breakthrough in professional soundtrack creation. it provides content creators with a palette of themes that can be customized to match the moods and genres of the surrounding work. generate your own fully composed multigenre production music perfect for movies slideshows commercials and radio productions. producers select a basic theme and cinescore's engine creates music that can be shaped to fit. multiple tracks with functional editing capabilities ensure the most accurate fit for your media. the music's time and tempo intensity variation and repetition can be easily connected with associated video or voiceover down to frame level accuracy. the customizable user-defined settings yield an unlimited number of musical choices. create the perfect soundtrack without any specialized musical knowledge or technical skill. hint markers control changes in tempo mood and intensity multiple ending types for generated media includes over 300 sound effects and audio transitions themes sorted based on instruments keywords and more video scoring track and real-time preview window audio sweetening track real-time editing during playback interactive show me how tutorials and online help volume and pan envelopes audio time stretching track markers and regions cd audio extraction external monitor preview unlimited undo/redo project media bins sony pictures digital entertainment 249.95|three-to-a-page 7 ring check binder binder holds the three-to-a-page business checks.binder size: 13 3/4in. x 9 1/4in..binders must be purchased at the same time as checks.  20.09
0|punch! home design architectura series 18 the big story is flexibility and ease of use. architectural series 18 provides innovative new tools to unleash your design creativity. explore new tools for creating complex objects from simple ones presentation tools for final prints and even special tools for easily changing the design in 3d. novice or pro architectural series 18 is easy to use! a single easy-to-use interface puts powerful tools at your fingertips; you can use as many or a few as you choose and still get professional results. beginners will appreciate the video tooltips tutorials that teach you as you draw and simple drag & drop functions for windows doors furniture texture color and landscaping. professionals will appreciate the more complex features such as extensive framing and estimating mechanical design and cad functions to name a few. architectural series 18 was designed to grow with you as you become more proficient with the program. regardless of your expertise architectural series 18 makes home design an enjoyable experience. punch! software 129.99|ultimate puzzle collection ultimate puzzle collection includes four full version puzzle games for your pc. from easy to challenging for even the most seasoned puzzle players. enjoyed by all ages and it will keep you entertained for hours. includes super collapse! atlantis ...  9.95
0|foreign policy & reform (win/mac) (jewel case)  fogware publishing 9.99|11k2990 international printing for mysap.com - complete package - 1 client - cd - englis lexmark international 11k2990 : usually ships in 24 hours : : international printing for mysap.  149.43
0|lotus dev. mqseries link for r/3-v1.2 cd sol ( 04l1671 )  lotus development corp 0|adobe photoshop cs3 for mac system requirements powerpc g4 or g5 or intel core processor mac os x v10.4.8 512mb ram 64mb vram 2gb free hard-disk space (additional space required during installation) 1024 x 768 display resolution with 16-bit video card dvd-rom drive internet or ...  609.99
0|bodyworks 6.0 25-user building site license this comprehensive program covers everything! you'll get to explore inside the heart the hair on your head the nerves in your toes every bone every organ and every system in your body. the powerful search functions and educational activities make learning a snap. rotating 3d models and video segments animate the body in living color for a truly interactive experience. learning company 399.95|adobe after effects professional 7.0 software effects software after effects professional 7.0 software for mac os x the after effects professional 7.0 software for mac os x from adobe is a powerful 2d and 3d compositing software suite. it features hundreds of effects and animation presets to bring a new ...  998.95
0|hoyle mahjongg (jewel case) hoyle mah jongg gives you teh chance to enjoy the ancient strategy game in all-new ways. choose a tile set and location then start testing your wits with some great mah jongg gaming. encore 9.99|software engineering and computer games by rudy vb rucker 9780201767919 this book solves the dilemma of wanting to learn windows-based software engineering without knowing windows programming. the basics in windows programming are explained alongside ideas of object-oriented software engineering. the basics of software ...  76.6
0|mavis beacon typing 17 (win/mac) mavis beacon typing 17 standard by broderbund encore software 19.99|nova print explosion deluxe 3.0 system requirements ilife support spectacular scrapbook thousands of new greeting cards brand new look universal binary  46.99
0|allegro 2005 allegro 2005 provides professional-grade instrument sounds terrific marching percussion and more options for getting music on the page. human playback adds dynamics and phrasing to your music making it sound the way you'd like to hear it performed. add two- and three-voice harmonies to your melodies and include multiple drum grooves and styles automatically. allegro can also play back via your midi device or through the included smartmusic soundfont. makemusic! 199.99|sid meiers civilization iii for pc conquests takes players on a provocative journey through the ages as they pursue victory in the most famous conquests in history.  7.99
0|zipmagic personal edition access anything zip everything - even photos! compress photos compress jpeg images strong 512-bit encryption safeguards privacy and much more! allume systems 19.95|iris inc irispen express translator the irispen translator express has all of the features of the irispen express plus it instantly encodes scanned text into any windows application translates it to your chosen language and displays it into @prompt standart translation software. 6 ...  142.29
0|quarkxpress 7 for mac/win . more people use quarkxpress for creative design and page layout than any other software in the world. period. quarkxpress 7 boasts 160 new innovative features. take control of transparency with total independence. create visually stunning graphics from within quarkxpress 7 ? no need to switch to another application. use the revolutionary composition zones functionality to collaborate with multiple users anywhere in the world on the same layout at the same time. optimize your production workflows with new job jackets technology. work faster with a streamlined user interface and dynamic design tools. establish your advanced color management settings globally removing the responsibility from the individual designer. print providers can send a job jackets file with embedded color settings allowing for true on-screen proofing for your workflow quark 1289.42|onone software inc. pfb-10211 - pro digital frame bundle 1u onone software inc. pfb-10211 : what s it like to have jim divitale jack davis helene glassman rick sammon and vincent versace at your beck and call? find out for yourself with the all new pro digital frame bundle. now you too can get the same ...  92.97
0|police quest compilation special limited edition with 4 products in one box! product information it doesn't get more real than this.&nbsp; police quest's four action-packedstories throw you instantly into a cop's daily life.&nbsp; investigatehomicides.&nbsp; foil drug rings.&nbsp; track down a serial killer.&nbsp; formerlapd chief daryl gates is on hand with real-world experience. the closest experience to being vivendi games 19.99|apple xsan san data storage consolidation and file sharing software apple & mac software xsan san data storage consolidation and file sharing software - mac the xsan san data storage consolidation and file sharing software from apple allows you to set up an enterprise-level storage area network (san) using apple xserve raid computers. ...  999
0|hollywood volume 1 contains the following songs: 1. arthur's theme 2. axel f 3. love theme out of africa 4. raiders march 5. the way he makes me feel 6. somewhere out there 7. cantina band 8. princess leia's theme 9. against all odds 10. can you read my mind 11. the windmills of your mind/the summer knows (theme from summer of '42) yamaha 31.95|nik software color efex pro 2.0 select and iview mediapro 3 plug in software for windows and macintosh adorama camera:  the award-winning nik color efex pro 2.0 digital photographic filters offer features and functionality that are designed to make creative digital photography enhancements and digital photography not only easier but better. ...  199.95
0|library expansion option-upg library expansion option-upg novastor corporation 0|dreamcatcher interactive wanted - wild willy west saddle-up for one terrific adventure! take on the role of fenimore fillmore as you confront the wealthy powerful and evil john starek who has been threatening the local townspeople into selling him their land by whatever means necessary. in this w  17.55
0|sonicwall comprehensive gateway security suite - 1 year upgrade plan ( 01-ssc-5845 ) license - 1 year(s) - 1 firewall - standard sonic systems inc. 0|josh white homespun video the guitar of josh white the legendary josh white (1914-1969) is widely considered to be one of the most influential blues and folk artists of all time celebrated in 1998 with a commemorative us postage stamp. josh white jr. an accomplished actor singer and teacher ...  22.13
0|adobe creative suite cs3 design premium upsell [mac] note: this is the upsell version of adobe creative suite 3 design premium. adobe creative suite 3 design premium upsell software is the designer's dream toolkit for print web and mobile publishing. it combines all-new versions of essential tools for professional page layout image editing illustration and adobe pdf workflows with new tools for producing engaging websites interactive experiences and mobile content--all in a unified intuitive design environment. from exploring design concepts to finessing production details you can leverage the tightly integrated tools in creative suite 3 design premium to make even your most visionary ideas real--in print on the web and on mobile devices. deliver innovative ideas in print web and mobile design adobe creative suite 3 design premium software is the designer's dream toolkit for print web and mobile publishing. it combines all-new versions of essential tools for producing everything from professional page layouts to rich interactive experiences in a unified intuitive environment. design with essential tools let your ideas take flight with adobe creative suite 3 design premium which equips you to craft your best creative work more easily and efficiently than ever before. from thinking through concepts to finessing production details you can leverage the intuitive tools in creative suite 3 design premium to make even your most visionary ideas real. creative suite 3 design premium lets you stay true to your creative intent without making compromises along the way. keep your ideas flowing adobe creative suite 3 design premium lets you slip into the creative zone and stay there by offering tight integration and shared features that enable you to move fluidly between tasks. easily move assets between components to avoid awkward workarounds. import adobe photoshop extended and illustrator artwork into adobe flash for example or paste photoshop images into adobe dreamweaver. visually manage assets in adobe bridge coordinate with team members using adobe version cue and host real-time web-based meetings with adobe acrobat connect--all from within creative suite 3 design premium. design for today...and tomorrow prepare content for a wide range of media from print pieces to interactive websites to mobile devices using integrated tools to produce industry-standard output. depend on reliable adobe pdf workflows for print production move from print design to web design by exporting xhtml from adobe indesign to dreamweaver and enable efficient developer workflows as you create cutting-edge interactive experiences. from pages to pixels design premium lets you design for tomorrow as well as today. photoshop cs3 extended for specialized image editing illustrator cs3 for vector graphics creation adobe indesign cs3 for page layout flash cs3 professional for interactive design dreamweaver cs3 for web design and development acrobat 8 professional for adobe pdf workflows audience benefit design professionals express your ideas in virtually any medium from paper to pixels using intuitive tools that help you stay true to your creative intent. adobe creative suite 3 design premium software is the designer's dream toolkit for print web and mobile publishing combining all-new versions of essential tools for professional page layout image editing illustration and adobe pdf workflows with new tools for designing engaging websites interactive experiences and mobile content in a unified design environment. design premium also offers visual asset management effective file management for collaborative creative teams mobile content previewing and access to services such as adobe stock photos* for royalty-free imagery and adobe acrobat connect* for web conferencing. with creative suite 3 design premium you can create beautiful engaging content collaborate effectively and equip yourself for new business opportunities with tools that let you design for tomorrow as well as today. print professionals adobe creative suite 3 design premium software offers print professionals industry-standard tools for design and production. creative suite 3 design premium combines full new versions of adobe's leading design and production tools-- adobe indesign cs3 photoshop cs3 extended illustrator cs3 flash cs3 professional dreamweaver cs3 and acrobat 8 professional--in a tightly integrated environment that offers productivity features for visual asset management effective file management mobile content previewing and direct access to online services. enjoy consistent print controls shared color settings and shared pdf export presets across design premium components and generate reliable output using support for high-end adobe pdf workflows including pdf/x. preflight |pdf files using acrobat which now offers automated file correction and automate workflows using jdf. even improve communication with customers using real-time web-based meetings with adobe acrobat connect.* creative suite 3 design premium gives you the most trusted tools for the job helping you realize smooth production processes--and diversify your services. it professionals adobe creative suite 3 design premium software enables creative teams to realize their ideas more quickly and efficiently than ever before. built on industry standards to provide long-term compatibility creative suite 3 design premium can be deployed across networks is extensible and scriptable and can be tailored to meet a variety of specialized design and publishing needs. design premium combines full new versions of adobe's essential design tools--adobe indesign cs3 photoshop cs3 extended illustrator cs3 flash cs3 professional dreamweaver cs3 and acrobat 8 professional--with adobe bridge cs3 adobe version cue cs3 adobe device central cs3 adobe stock photos* and adobe acrobat connect* for improved collaboration and productivity in creative workgroups. offering a single installer and serial number for easy installation and backed by the quality and reliability adobe is known for creative suite 3 design premium meets the needs of your creative team. visually manage assets in adobe bridge test mobile designs in adobe device central coordinate with team members using adobe version cue host real-time web-based meetings with adobe acrobat connect top new benefits of adobe creative suite 3 design premium all-new versions of essential creative tools experience the ultimate creative toolset with adobe indesign cs3 for page layout photoshop cs3 extended for specialized image editing illustrator cs3 for vector graphics creation flash cs3 professional for interactive design dreamweaver cs3 for web design and development and acrobat 8 professional for adobe pdf workflows. unprecedented integration use native files more easily than ever in different design workflows: import photoshop and illustrator files into flash and copy photoshop files into dreamweaver. and enjoy a unified integrated design experience with new self-adjusting panels and other shared interface elements. powerful design workflows bring your most visionary ideas to life in print on the web and on mobile devices. automatically find and fix errors before printing high-quality pages using indesign and acrobat. export indesign layouts as xhtml to use in web designs in dreamweaver. easily create graphics in flash using the adobe-standard pen tool. and test mobile designs in adobe device central. support for the latest mac and windows systems get the most out of creative suite 3 design premium on intel based mac systems and microsoft windows vista computers. work smoothly on legacy powerpc based mac and windows xp systems as well. new dimensions in digital imaging with adobe photoshop cs3 extended select image regions more intuitively apply filters nondestructively manipulate 3d images and create accurate composites of images with similar content using photoshop cs3 extended. inspired vector graphics creation in adobe illustrator cs3 explore apply and control color variations using live color in illustrator cs3. select and align points and edit paths more easily than ever before and easily incorporate vector graphics into print web and interactive and mobile designs. efficient powerful page design with adobe indesign cs3 explore more creative possibilities and experience new levels of productivity using indesign cs3 which offers powerful features for creating graphically rich complex documents; professional typographic controls; and robust reliable printing. visual media management in adobe bridge cs3 easily organize browse locate and preview assets with adobe bridge cs3 which offers faster performance; customizable workspaces; nondestructive batch-editing of tiff jpeg and camera raw files; playback of flash files; and direct access to useful services such as adobe stock photos.* stronger designer-developer workflows import layered photoshop and illustrator files into flash animate them and export them automatically in the actionscript 3.0 language to hand off to developers. use new css layouts in dreamweaver to jump-start standards-based web pages and collaborate with developers to produce interactive web experiences using the spry framework for ajax. integrated support for mobile design produce compelling mobile graphics in illustrator and photoshop extended add interactivity in flash and code pages for mobile display in dreamweaver. then preview and test your designs using mobile device profiles in adobe device central cs3. additional features industry-leading image editing and illustration experience unrivaled image editing and compositing and even perform advanced image analysis using photoshop cs3 extended. produce inspired vector graphics with illustrator cs3 which lets you interactively explore apply and control color. and work seamlessly between the two components with native file format support. designer-developer workflows import layered photoshop and illustrator files into flash animate them and export them automatically in the actionscript 3.0 language to hand off to developers. use new css layouts in dreamweaver to jump-start standards-based web pages and collaborate with developers to produce interactive web experiences using the spry framework for ajax. adobe pdf print workflows use widely available adobe pdf to create reliable and consistent final output streamline print production--including automatically fixing mistakes before they get to press--and automate workflows using jdf. support for pdf/x standard create reliable press-ready layouts using iso- and ansi-standard pdf/x including pdf/x-1a pdf/x-3 pdf/x-4 (draft) and pdf/a. powerful jdf workflows automatically convert indesign files to adobe pdf and preflight and validate them against the targeted output intent (including number of pages page size and more) using enhanced jdf workflows. shared pdf presets use built-in adobe pdf export presets--or create custom presets--in photoshop illustrator and indesign to generate consistent adobe pdf files for electronic review or final output. streamlined print production preflight adobe pdf files in acrobat 8 professional and fix problems before they get to press. automatically correct hairlines downsample image resolution flatten transparency and more. automation through scriptingspeed routine tasks and automate processes within and across components of the software by writing scripts in javascript applescript microsoft visual basic and the extendscript toolkit. efficient and easy-to-manage deploymenteasily deploy design premium using a single installer and serial number and track manage and accurately allocate adobe software assets using adobe license manager. * online services including but not limited to adobe stock photos and acrobat connect may not be available in all countries languages and currencies. availability of services is subject to change. use of online services is governed by terms and conditions of a separate agreement and may be subject to additional fees. for details visit www.adobe.com. adobe creative suite 3: what's in each edition? adobe creative suite 3 editions design premium design standard web premium web standard production premium master collection adobe photoshop cs3 extended adobe photoshop cs3 adobe illustrator cs3 adobe indesign cs3 adobe acrobat 8 professional adobe flash cs3 professional adobe dreamweaver cs3 adobe contribute cs3 adobe fireworks cs3 adobe after effects cs3 professional adobe premiere pro cs3 adobe soundbooth cs3 adobe encore cs3 adobe onlocation * adobe ultra cs3 * additional features and services in adobe creative suite 3 adobe bridge cs3 adobe version cue cs3 adobe device central cs3 adobe dynamic link adobe stock photos adobe acrobat connect * adobe ultra runs on microsoft windows only. for macintosh users adobe onlocation requires bootcamp and windows (purchased separately) or a separate windows-based computer. adobe 1599|power translator(tm) 11 premium power translator 11 premium translates 21 languages with incredible accuracy. from text files to blogs email web pages search items instant messages documents and chat rooms you can translate from any program with ease. gain access to an ...  79.99
0|microsoft windows server 2003 client additional license for devices - 5 pack designed for small organizations and departmental use windows server 2003 standard edition delivers intelligent file and printer sharing secure internet connectivity centralized desktop policy management and web solutions that connect employees partners and customers. windows server 2003 standard edition provides high levels of dependability scalability and security. it takes the best of windows 2000 server technology and makes it easier to deploy manage and use. the result is a highly productive operating system that is secure reliable highly available and scalable. new technologies such as the common language runtime strengthen security to help safeguard networks from malicious or poorly designed code. in addition improvements to internet information services (iis) 6.0 public key infrastructure (pki) and kerberos make it easier to secure windows server 2003. new and improved file and print services in windows server 2003 standard edition also make storage and backup easier while significantly reducing the demands on system administrators. also file and print services are improved with the addition of the web-based distributed authoring and versioning (webdav) remote document sharing technology. enhancements to the distributed file system (dfs) and encrypting file system (efs) allow for powerful flexible file sharing and storage as well. networking improvements and new features in the windows server 2003 family extend the versatility manageability and dependability of network infrastructures. windows server 2003 makes it easier than ever for you to stay connected to their centralized systems from anywhere and on any device. microsoft has built significant networking enhancements in windows server 2003 including internet protocol version 6 (ipv6) point-to-point protocol over ethernet (ppoe) and internet protocol security (ipsec) over network address translation (nat). and with the optimized native support of microsoft .net and xml you get a platform to develop distribute and host xml web services created with .net. note: this is one additional windows server 2003 device cal. microsoft 209|3mds network operations managerdiy annual subscptn 101 500u 3mds network operations managerdiy annual subscptn 101 500u  144.63
0|money premium 2007 win32 eng na mini box us only cd model- ms-cd19382wi vendor- microsoft corporation features- microsoft money premium 2007- cd mini box microsoft money 2007 premium brings all your personal accounts -- banking credit and investment -- in one place and provides the tools you need for planning and achieving short- and long-term financial goals and making tax-smart investment decisions so you can improve your financial outlook today and optimize for your future. * includes everything in money 2007 deluxe - make online banking even easier with all of your accounts--checking savings investments and credit -- in one place with one password which makes keeping tabs on the day-to-day spending a breeze. plus money connects to thousands of banks and updates automatically helping you easily stay on top of your finances. - improve your investment strategy with access to tips guidance and relevant articles from the highly regarded experts on msn money. - new! savings and spending budget helps you plan for retirement savings and debt repayment as well as your monthly expenses. its the comprehensive budget solution that helps you see your savings grow and your debt shrink. - new! spending tracker allows you to track your spending by budget groups. view alongside the popular spending by category tracker for amazing awareness of your spending. - help protect and improve your credit reduce high-interest debt and learn more about your credit rating. - forecast your cash flow to predict how much money youll have in your day-to-day accounts in the coming months. - simplify tax time. money makes preparing and filing taxes easy with expert tips from tax professionals. tools such as the microsoft 118.46|encore inc monopoly 3 monopoly brings the classic board game to life! you'll be entertained for hours as you try to bankrupt your opponents and stay out of jail! system requirements: operating system: windows(r) 98/me/xp processor: pentium(r) ii 333 mhz memory: 3  7.17
0|elementary advantage 2008  encore software 0|t07-00449 microsoft business solutions crm sales standard - software assurance - 1 user - microsoft t07-00449 : usually ships in 24 hours : : accessible from microsoft outlook and the web microsoft crm sales helps sales people manage leads and opportunities measure and forecast sales activity efficiently track customer communications ...  335.47
0|safekeeper plus  bling 39.99|quickstudy us government using animations real-time quizzes and a fun interface quickstudy us government gives users the tools they need to master the complexities of the us political system. the curriculum-based lessons cover citizenship principles of democracy ...  8.95
0|scrabble champion edition  encore 19.95|word mac 2004 upgrade - microsoft - d48-00488 microsoft word 2004 for mac brings a new generation of productivity and creativity tools to one of the most powerful word processors for mac users. for instance the word notebook view lets you quickly take notes search and flag relevant ...  97.36 gbp
0|microsoft licenses win svr 2003 ext conn lic (r3900292) manufacturer warranty:andnbsp;andnbsp;90 days microsoft licenses 3371.85|ultimate fonts make any creative project pop off the page with incredible 3-d text effects that get noticed! ultimate fonts boosts your design options with over 1500 true type fonts to choose from or simply use any font installed on your computer. the extreme 3-d ...  19.99
0|classification & ecology (win/mac) (jewel case)  fogware publishing 9.99|luther vandross yamaha luther vandross - greatest hits - smart pianosoft this innovative software series enables your disklavier mark iii piano to perform with the world's most popular cds! using yamaha's pianosmart technology this companion diskette will magically empower your disklavier mark iii to accompany the ...  18.5
0|sonicwall internet upgrade (50-node) sonicwall sonicwall 0|check point eventia analyzer 100 devices - cpmp-eva-100   59177
0|weekly reader mastering elementary/middle school math learning  fogware publishing 19.99|channel sources distribution co mlw6.0 checkmark multiledger for pc/mac no description available channel sources distribution co 294.58
0|nova greeting card factory (mac) art explosion greeting card factory offers you millions of new options for creating the most heartfelt greeting cards available. you can even design your own electronic greetings for an instant way to show your feelings nova development 49.99|sony media software acid pro 6 software upgrade from acid pro 5 music production software acid pro 6 loop based music production software for windows - upgrade for owners of acid pro 5 acid pro 6 from sony media software is a loop-based music creation tool that allows for the production of original royalty-free music. songs can be ...  129.95
0|final draft 7 professional scriptwriting win/mac use your creative energy to focus on the content; let final draft take care of the style. final draft is the number-one selling word processor specifically designed for writing movie scripts television episodics and stage plays. it combines powerful word processing with professional script formatting in one self-contained easy-to-use package. there is no need to learn about script formatting rules - final draft automatically paginates and formats your script to industry standards as you write. final draft 7 combines powerful word processing with professional script formatting in one all-purpose screenwriting tool. use your creative energy to create the story that burns inside you. final draft handles the technical details - all you have to supply is the heart. format assistant checks for and fixes common errors - missing dialogue extra spaces blank elements etc. break down your final draft scripts to their fundamental components and export them with the tagger tool no more retyping your scripts over and over -- export them to pdf format and share them with anyone built-in script registry - online wgaw registry service helps you protect your scripts import/export from any word processor new index card functions new stand-alone application that enables you to ?tag? elements of a script [cast costumes props etc.] and export the results into any movie scheduling software. created with the help of veteran assistant directors producers and unit production managers tagger means no more going over a paper script again and again with highlighters. over 2 dozen new templates customizable reports format assistant improved final draft courier font final draft 289.99|encore inc clickart 1.2 million 2006 dvd create projects utilizing images from getty images and max & lucy designs. execute professional business designs invitations scrapbooks and more with easy editing tools. system requirements: windows 98se/2000 sp4/me/xp sp1***  42.27
0|adobe after effects professional 6.5 upgrade from standard to professional upgrade only; installation of after effects standard new disk caching tools speed up your interactive work save any combination of animation parameters as presets -- create transformations masks expressions effects and text tighter integration with other adobe tools - import photoshop cs and illustrator cs files with preserved layers and other attributes output to firewire for easier previewing on ntsc and pal video monitors adobe 499.99|hal leonard best of classic themes 1 elementary docxg clavinova dsk/pkg score  25.77
0|vpn client software 5 users 5 user(s) standard pc d-link systems inc. 0|encore software 10941 - scooby-doo frights camera mystery sb cs by riverdeep encore software 10941 : encore software scooby-doo frights camera mystery sb cs by riverdeep - 10941  17.97
0|isi researchsoft reference manager 11 - single user organize your data using standard windows tools in reference manager. perform key operations across multiple databases. run spell checker and syntax alerting to keep your references accurate - even customize your dictionaries. create multiple links to the web or files on your hard drive. locate references in seconds save search strategies for re-use later and use our synonym editor for authors keywords and periodicals. customize your reference list display and edit records individually or globally. isi researchsoft 299.99|microsoft ov l/sa prj ext conn ul 3yr/acqyr1 - t76-01189   56493
0|macjournal v4 (mac) it's more than maintaining a diary. it's a word processor aimed at making it easy to write your thoughts catalog them in a blog and (if you wish) share them with the world. macjournal 4 makes journaling online a whole lot more interesting. easily create a personal journal with its simple-to-use interface. record audio entries for your journal or even podcast! if blogging is more your style macjournal 4 lets you publish your work as a blog to any of the popular blogging services including your .mac account. two-level security - password protection and aes-256 encryption - keeps your journal safe from prying eyes. for business or pleasure macjournal 4 is an easier way to express thoughts ideas opinions and just about anything else you can think of. improved full screen mode links smileys and words are recognized as you type now - not just when you save live word count field applescript support if you are a writer who needs a distraction-free writing landscape macjournal's full screen feature is for you! no background apps no email no menu bar just you and your words rich text editing where individual entries can have multiple colors fonts kerning spacing; really anything you want. in addition you can now drag image files from the file into entries! rulers can also be displayed to further help you align things powerful searching capabilities to search all of the entries in all of your journals with one click print any entry to a printer or pdf file. mac os x toolbar functions are available as items in the customizable toolbar in the main window. spellcheck while composing entries online blogs supporting livejournal blogger movable type wordpress and more requires - mac osx 10.3.5 or higher (including universal binary) csdc 39.95|sony acid music studio (pc) key features: make your own music easy live recording professional tools easy to use and learn save to popular formats record and edit midi ...  69.99
0|lotus dev. ws bus int monitor v4.2.4-multi plat mp eng ( af04mna ) ibm websphere business integration monitor displays real-time data from events created by ibm websphere mq workflow to allow decisive business performance management and optimization. it provides tactical problem-solving metrics with established performance measures and allows you to monitor work-in-process items and perform corrective actions by reassigning or suspending them. ibm websphere business integration monitor includes workflow dashboard for tracking processes work items and business performance measures. it also offers business dashboard to generate reports based on real-time and historical data and uses analysis tools such as trend and quartile analyses. lotus development corp 0|apple/emagic logic express 7.2 software music production software logic express 7.2 - multitrack digital audio/midi recorder/editor software - intel or powerpc mac especially conceived for price conscious project studios that wish to offer professional quality without using proprietary digital audio hardware logic ...  299
0|simply put software data eliminator data eliminator removes all information from computer hard drives. it makes it simple to protect yourself from identity theft by purging your computer prior to donating or recycling. wipe out all spyware and viruses to start fresh. simply put software 0|encore 10025 hoyle card games for pc deal yourself in! hoyle card games offers 18 of your favorite card games complete with tutorials for minutes or hours of fun. features: ^^ features multiple computer-controlled opponents adjustable skill levels and 18 classic games ^^ create your ... encore 10
0|atlantis quest atlantis quest offers classic-style matching gameplay with a dazzling new twist. embark on a journey across ancient greece babylon carthage egypt and rome -- all in search of one of the greatest mysteries of all time: the lost city of atlantis! search for pieces of ancient artifacts to help find a way to their ultimate destination. then assemble the pieces of the artifacts to discover its location. bonus levels got game 19.99|freeverse software wingnuts 2 baron von schtopwatch is back in this all new adventure! using a cutting edge opengl engine a new arsenal including beam weapons spawning ground installations harsh robot ai and endless maps wingnuts 2 raises the bar for mac arcade games!  26.14
0|hoyle card games (jewel case) deal yourself in! whatever your favorite card game hoyle puts you right in the middle of the action. with hoyle card games you'll learn to hold'em and fold'em like a pro with insightful in-game tutorials and strategy guides. so shuffle the cards and deal yourself in for hours of fun.hoyle card games contains 18 classic card games and teaches you the official rules according to hoyle.hoyle card games includes:5 card drawbridgecribbagegingo fishheartsold maidpinochlerummy 500 (new)solitairespadeswarmany more!for over 200 years according to hoyle has meant playing games right. the legacy continues with hoyle card games. encore software 9.99|brain games: solitaire brain games: solitaire is packed with new features that make solitaire even more fun. the program includes all the classic games plus many new variations. brain games solitaire has a unique scoring system that measures your solitaire iq rates your ...  19.99
0|elementary advantage 2008 elementary school advantage 2008 was specially developed to supplement classroom curriculum by including award-winning content that support state testing standards. in-depth lessons with sample problems and questions teach reinforce and track student progress in the core subjects. this award-winning content supports state testing standards and best of all it's easy to use & understand. encore 39.99|sos aggregation company iaudioize - magnetic time   31.53
0|leave the lights on (mac) the leave the lights on pack is a triple-shot of creepy fun that will have you playing until you're scared to go to bed! aspyr media 9.99|sade yamaha sade - diamond life - smart pianosoft this innovative software series enables your disklavier mark iii piano to perform with the world's most popular cds! using yamaha's pianosmart technology this companion diskette will magically empower your disklavier mark iii to accompany the ...  14.86
0|westward enter the wild rough and tumble world of westward where adventure and untold fortunes await you. explore a huge playing environment and move up to 20 different levels. use quick wits to complete tasks like building homes farms water wells and more to keep your settlers fed housed and employed. if they don't like their situation your settlers will go elsewhere and your town will collapse! look for gold mines watch out for theivin' bandits and engage in dramatic shoot-outs. control the destiny of the west as you build thriving towns explore uncharted plains and guide your settlers to safety and success. features: more than 10 playable main characters customize your town and support an ever-expanding population buy sell and trade a variety of resources evolving and ever-changing scenarios provide many hours of playing fun encore software 19.99|bb0lgml ibm db2 everyplace database edition - ( v. 8.2.0 ) - media - cd - linux win pa ibm bb0lgml : usually ships in 24 hours : : db2 everyplace database edition is designed for independent software vendors (isvs) and application developers.  108.95
0|webroot desktop firewall webroot desktop firewall blocks unwanted incoming traffic to your pc alerts you to outgoing data and chooses which programs can access the internet. don't be easy prey for hackers -- block unauthorized incoming or outgoing traffic make your pc invisible online and log denied access attempts for later review. it's your essential online security component for pc safety. webroot software 29.99|goldmine(r) standard edition 6.7 manage your contacts and grow sales! goldmine software helps you win and retain customers by improving efficiency and productivity without sacrificing your bottom line. it helps businesses get a more complete view of their customers and manage ...  199.99
0|learn to play keyboard (jewel case) with learn to play keyboard you can avoid shelling out for expensive music lessons. it's a great interactive tecahing approach for people of all ages! customizable ear-training program helps you learn to play any song after listening to it interactive song player lets you change tempos adjust audio levels and record your performance includes 336-page essential dictionary of music alfred publishing 9.99|native instruments traktor dj studio 3 - software based dj rig music production software traktor dj studio 3 - software based dj rig - stand alone running under core audio on mac os x and asio and directsound on windows xp traktor dj studio 3 is the professional dj software for live mixing and mix production. with the availability of ...  199
0|britannica deluxe  avanquest software 29.95|deposit slips choose from book and laser styles.guaranteed acceptable for bank processing. both styles are printed with your account information.carbonless deposit books are 7 7/8in. x 3 3/8in.lines for 23 check listings on each slip.1-part pack contains two ...  69.99
0|pitstop pro 7.0 upgr - 5.x or below pitstop pro 7.0 upgr - 5.x or below enfocus software 299|mike dowling homespun swing guitar - improvising hot lead solos this exciting follow-up to swing guitar: rhythm's where it's at will satisfy novices who want to start improvising swing solos as well as advanced players looking for new ideas and techniques. mike explains how to use chord shapes to establish the  29.4
0|zonealarm anti-spyware 1 year protection zonealarm's powerful anti-spyware protection stops spyware before it gets on your pc. it also scans for and removes spyware already on it and offers extra protection from dangerous spyware websites. it combines the robust security features computer experts demand with automatic functions that make it simple enough for novices to use. delivers proactive firewall protection with multiple layers of security that stop inbound outbound and program attacks while remaining completely invisible to hackers guards the network perimeter from inbound and outbound threats with the world's 1 firewall prevents spyware and other malicious programs from sending your personal information across the internet automatically makes your computer invisible to anyone on the internet protects your programs from malware smartdefense advisor automatically adjusts your security settings for maximum protection against the latest virus and spyware outbreaks includes defensenet an early warning system that gathers data from the zone labs user community on the latest spyware and malware outbreaks leverages this vast user knowledge by including it in signature updates that protect your pc from the latest spyware attacks system requirements - windows 2000 pro/xp / pentium iii 450 mhz or higher. 50mb of available hard disk space. internet access. minimum system ram - 64mb (2000 pro) 128mb (xp) vista compatible zone labs 29.99|corel painter x academic system requirements mac os x (version 10.3.9 or higher with latest revision applied) macintosh computer with a 700 mhz or faster power pc g4 power pc g5 or intel processor 256 mb of ram (512 mb recommended) mouse or tablet 24-bit color display ...  94.99
0|logic express 7 logic express 7.2 gives you the ability to take full advantage of the next generation of mac computers. songwriters can produce impressive demo songs by incorporating audio recordings sample-based sounds and virtual instruments entirely on the computer. enjoy enhanced support for prominent thrid-party products as well as project compatibility with garageband 3. logic express 7.2 also provides support for stereo rewire objects and now clearly labels the incoming rewire streams to reflect the source application. logic express 7.2 allows you to play back aac and apple lossless files directly with no need for conversion. this feature ensures project compatibility with garageband 3 and offers great sonic quality with the convenience of smaller file sizes. support for up to 12 input and output audio channels 27 software instruments including garageband instruments es1 efm1 esm esp and ese synthesizers 40 effect plug-ins including guitar amp preset multipressor platinumverb compressor bitcrusher autofilter phaser and more save/load channel strip instrument and plug-in configurations advanced midi sequencing more than 300 definable key and midi commands 90 recallable screen configurations with interactive edit windows setup assistant for easy system configuration fast offline bouncing of single or multiple tracks tempo signature transpose and video tracks support for apple loops (more than 1 000 apple loops included) audio units plug-in support garageband song file import open tl file import aac and mp3 import and export full integration with reason live and other rewire-compatible applications system requirements - macintosh computer with an intel or powerpc g4 or g5 processor 512mb of ram mac os x v10.4.3 or later 6gb of available hard drive space dvd drive for software installation low-latency multi-i/o audio hardware and midi interface recommended apple computer 299|freeverse software 4001 - freeverse northland - strategy game - mac freeverse software 4001 : stand-alone real-time strategy game based on viking mythology. game features: single player campaign with 8 missions including several sub missions. the exciting plots tells the story of viking god loki who tried to take ...  18.97
0|guitar tool - worship edition  midisoft corporation 0|quickbooks(r) professional and impressive!imprinted with your business name and address!guaranteed compatible with your quickbooks(r) and quickbooks for windows(r) software.neat and clean. no carbon to touch. runs easily and smoothly through your printer without ...  103.99
0|microsoft visual studio team edition for software testers 2005 w/msdn premium renewal in the past testing tools were kept separate from development tools or were poorly integrated with development tools. testers used a separate environment and the test scripts that they wrote were stored in a separate repository from source code control. microsoft visual studio team edition for software testers 2005 with msdn premium introduces a set of test tools that are integrated into the visual studio 2005 environment including web tests load tests manual tests and unit tests. (team edition for software testers can be purchased separately or as part of the visual studio team suite 2005 suite of programs.) network impersonation load testing simulates users accessing the application using a mix of network connections. view larger. besides the predefined test types; web load unit manual and ordered visual studio 2005 includes a generic test type that can be used to extend testing capabilities. view larger. browser impersonation allows testers to a heterogeneous browser mix when testing load against a web application. view larger. a new way to test in the past because testing tools were kept separate from development tools feedback was sometimes challenging bugs were hard to trace down when separate systems were used and performance testing was usually done after the development cycle was near complete. all of this added cost time and ultimately stress to the development lifecycle. team edition for software testers addresses these issues by integrating and streamlining the testing process into your entire development cycle. with team edition for software testers you can reduce the complexity of testing applications by offering access to advanced testing tools and features from within the visual studio integrated development environment (ide) to create and run tests. by providing all members of a software team access to an overall shared warehouse for integrated feedback and reporting you can tightly integrate testing into their software development collaboration. team edition for software testers lets you accurately simulate production workloads in different environments analyze and troubleshoot bottlenecks prior to deployment and use cost-effective cpu based load agent licensing to simulate virtual users. you can also quickly automate and run tests by creating customizable and dynamic web tests using the web test recorder. this allows you to create commonly used tests using out-of-the-box test types or extend your test framework using generic tests. team edition for software testers features visual studio team test consists of three main areas -- testing types testing environment and extensibility. team edition for software testers offers tester's access to advanced testing tools and features from one easy location. a number of core test types -- including unit web load and manual tests -- as well as the measurement of code coverage are now integrated into visual studio 2005 making it easier then ever before for testers to be an integral part of the development process. because team edition for software testers is tightly integrated within the visual studio 2005 team system software testers can publish results to a common database generate trend and historical reports compare data and determine the number and type of bugs identified as a result of testing. deep integration into the current developer environment along with the traditional project types make it easier for all participants of the development team to access and share information. and by offering a rich extensible infrastructure for customers and third-parties to build upon team edition for software testers includes an infrastructure that allows for two levels of extensibility. the first is designed for individual testers and the second is designed for those who need to extend visual studio. by providing an open architecture visual studio 2005 team system allows for current and future test types from both internal testing staff and external partners to be added. team edition for software testers also features a suite of new test tools. all tests including unit web load and manual testing are first-class citizens in visual studio and can be shared across the organization. the test results can be published to a database and you can generate trend and historical reports compare different kinds of data see how many and which bugs were found as a result of testing and identify which bugs are not linked to a test that could help reproduce them. other advanced features include an automated and data-driven unit testing capability for the developer; efficient load test generation with easy deployment of test code and reverse deployment of logs and test results; parallel functional test execution with code coverage load test monitor and performance counters for analysis; customizable auto generated web tests; and custom validation and extraction rules and the web test plug-in that can call code during a test run. msdn premium subscriptions team edition for software testers includes an msdn premium subscription. an msdn premium subscription provides continuous priority access to the technologies you need to support team edition for software testers and build a broad range of applications and web services including the latest versions of windows server 2003 windows 2000 server windows 2000 professional windows 2000 advanced server windows xp professional edition windows xp home edition and future windows releases. (usage rights are limited to development and testing only.) with the subscription your technical support includes unlimited usage of msdn managed newsgroups for online support with a guaranteed response time of two business days phone-based support incidents and free access to msdn online concierge for nontechnical questions regarding navigation of the msdn site knowledge base article searches and msdn subscriber downloads. also continuously updated technical content is available through the msdn library which offers comprehensive programming information code samples sample applications technical documentation and articles and the microsoft developer knowledge base. customers who qualify for the renewal price include current subscribers to: any visual studio team edition with msdn premium subscription msdn universal microsoft software 2309|sara davis buechner george gershwin - warsaw concerto/ second rhapsody includes ?warsaw concerto? composed by richard addinsell ?laura? and ?love is for the very young? by david raksin and george gershwin's ?second rhapsody.?  25.77
0|totally spies: zombie jamboree (win/mac) sam clover and alex need your help! only with your aid can the girls solve the mystery of the missing courier. brighter minds media inc. 9.95|punch software 14100 - punch! home design suite professional - architectural - 1 user(s) - pc punch software 14100 : punch! professional home design suite the total home design software solution that lets you plan every detail of your home. 12 programs in one intuitive easy-to-use interface... powerful professional tools to help you design ...  59.97
0|wanted: a wild western adventure wanted: a wild western adventure takes you into the role of a great cowboy hero! control fenimore fillmore as he confronts the wealthy and evil john starek. stop him from threatening the local townspeople into selling him their land -- and ride off into the sunset with the girl of your dreams. meet with over 30 crazy characters encounter countless amusing wild west situations and be the cowboy hero they write stories about! powerful new graphics engine for realistic facial expressions natural shapes and movement as good as a 3d cartoon dreamcatcher interactive 29.99|symantec symantec pcanywhere 12 0 host remote full version standard license package type: retail for 1 user/s mpn: 10529224  99.9
0|adobe creative suite cs3 web standard upsell [mac] note: this is the upsell version of adobe creative suite 3 web standard. adobe creative suite 3 web standard upsell software is the basic toolkit for web designers and developers. it offers all-new versions of fundamental tools for creating and maintaining interactive websites applications and mobile device content. prototype your projects design assets and build and maintain professional web experiences. flash cs3 professional for interactive design dreamweaver cs3 for web design and development acrobat 8 professional for adobe pdf workflows build your prototype with adobe fireworks cs3 streamline web design development and maintenance adobe creative suite 3 web standard software is the basic toolkit for web designers and developers. it offers all-new versions of fundamental tools for creating and maintaining interactive websites applications and mobile device content. prototype your projects design assets and build and maintain professional web experiences. get the fundamental tools move from concept to completion with adobe creative suite 3 web standard software. design assets and build your prototype with adobe fireworks cs3 software. bring your project to life with adobe dreamweaver cs3 and adobe flash cs3 professional the preferred web design and development tools. easily maintain the final project and integrate user-generated content with adobe contribute cs3. creative suite 3 web standard combines the fundamental web tools all in one place. discover intelligent integration take advantage of tight integration between your core tools so you can forget the software and focus on the project. roundtrip editing between adobe fireworks cs3 flash cs3 and dreamweaver cs3 ensures a fluid workspace that makes it easy to move and modify assets. improved css support allows you to start your css in fireworks and easily transition to dreamweaver. dreamweaver and contribute offer improved rendering compatibility as well as new flv tools that accelerate video integration. enjoy the latest workflows use the integrated tools in creative suite 3 web standard to refine your current skill set while expanding into exciting new techniques and technologies. catch the wave of online video with sophisticated web video tools or explore new opportunities in mobile content design. reach into development with the spry framework for ajax and new actionscript 3.0 language for flash. with creative suite 3 web standard the future is yours. visually manage assets in adobe bridge test mobile designs in adobe device central coordinate with team members using adobe version cue host real-time web-based meetings with adobe acrobat connect top new features of adobe creative suite 3 latest versions of the best tools get the newest releases of the industry's favorite tools for web design and development. adobe creative suite 3 web standard software offers innovative new features and advanced integration across adobe dreamweaver cs3 adobe flash cs3 professional adobe fireworks cs3 and adobe contribute cs3 software. high-productivity tools turbo-charge the web design and development process. roundtrip editing between fireworks flash and dreamweaver enables speedy prototyping graphics creation and optimization. move css layouts from fireworks to dreamweaver. use contribute with dreamweaver for controlled user-based web maintenance. emerging technologies prepare for the next generation of web technology while applying best practices. create dynamic user interfaces with css and ajax add flash video incorporate new standards-based user elements and support user-generated content for dynamic experiences. creative flexibility flow through the design process quickly with new flash creative tools such as the pen tool for better control shape primitives for easily creating unique shapes and new filter effects. use advanced video exporting and encoding to create high-quality video experiences. actionscript 3.0 development go farther with actionscript 3.0 the high-performance object-oriented programming language for adobe flash player. convert animations to actionscript and explore a whole new world of customization using the rich language api libraries and expansive community support services. rapid prototyping mock up css designs in fireworks with speed and ease. a common library contains prebuilt easily accessible objects such as forms browser and os elements. apply reskinnable color weight and font elements. move designs into flash and dreamweaver or leverage an extensible api. easy web maintenance free yourself from simple web edits. with contribute cs3 enable individuals or workgroups to easily edit and publish content to websites and blogs from a controlled permissions-based application or from within microsoft applications. mobile content authoring use adobe device central cs3 to design develop preview and test content for a wide range of mobile and consumer devices. easily showcase your work in numerous mobile device skins through built-in and regularly updated device profiles. browser and platform compatibility ensure your experience is consistent across any operating system browser or platform using the new browser compatibility check in dreamweaver and the adobe css advisor website an invaluable source of user-contributed insight on css issues. macintosh or windows pick your platform. creative suite 3 web standard is available for mac os--including intel based macintosh computers--windows xp and windows vista. design in your preferred platform and then deliver across platforms with consistent results. additional features powerful integration leverage integrated workflows that enable fast efficient exchange of assets so you move from design to delivery efficiently. roundtrip editing between fireworks flash and dreamweaver enables speedy prototyping graphics creation and optimization. import files from other adobe creative tools. professional interactive design discover the powerful expressive flash authoring environment. add life to graphics with acclaimed animation tools high-quality text rendering filters and other effects and the popular flash video tools complete with alpha channel support and batch rendering. latest technologies and standards keep pace with evolving technology and standards. design with css and xml; integrate with development environments like html xhtml xml adobe coldfusion asp asp.net jsp or php; test content across myriad browsers and operating systems; and prepare for the new internet protocol version 6 (ipv6). best practices easily apply best practices of web design and development. create consistent css-based designs with the css layout and visualization tools in dreamweaver. drag and drop an xml feed onto a web page. use the industry's first integrated tool for section 508 and wcag priority 2 checkpoints. produce for today and tomorrow whether you're updating a website to support the latest standards and technologies integrating interactive video migrating to css-based designs conforming to accessibility governances or experimenting with mobile content development creative suite 3 web standard lets you get it done today yet scales to support new web or device projects in the future. adobe creative suite 3: what's in each edition? adobe creative suite 3 editions design premium design standard web premium web standard production premium master collection adobe photoshop cs3 extended adobe photoshop cs3 adobe illustrator cs3 adobe indesign cs3 adobe acrobat 8 professional adobe flash cs3 professional adobe dreamweaver cs3 adobe contribute cs3 adobe fireworks cs3 adobe after effects cs3 professional adobe premiere pro cs3 adobe soundbooth cs3 adobe encore cs3 adobe onlocation * adobe ultra cs3 * additional features and services in adobe creative suite 3 adobe bridge cs3 adobe version cue cs3 adobe device central cs3 adobe dynamic link adobe stock photos adobe acrobat connect * adobe ultra runs on microsoft windows only. for macintosh users adobe onlocation requires bootcamp and windows (purchased separately) or a separate windows-based computer. adobe 799|superstart! spelling bee learning to spell has never been more fun or easy with spelling bee. just listen to the word and hear it in a sentence then try to spell the word. spell the word right and you'll see a photograph! for children and adults.  8.95
0|microsoft crm small business ed cal 3.0 license pack user cal model- ms-cd08016wi vendor- microsoft corporation features- microsoft dynamics crm 3.0 sb edition- 20 license pack user cal this edition is designed to run on the microsoft windows small business server 2003 premium edition a complete single-server solution for small businesses that have limited it staff and resources. the microsoft crm small business edition is easy to install and maintain and offers: - new marketing automation modules for sales marketing and customer service that help a business track and record every customer contact. - advanced reporting services that help qualify leads cross-sell products and maximize sales opportunities without the need for expensive third-party reporting tools. - improved customization that enables any user to get the information he or she needs without any programming. the microsoft crm 3.0 small business edition is designed to operate on the microsoft windows small business server. it can be installed in just 10 mouse clicks and configured through an easy-to-use wizard. this edition also offers easy migration of customer information stored in microsoft office outlook with business contact manager. business moves at light speed today requiring that every company continuously reexamine direction strategies suppliers partners-- literally every variable and relationship that might lead to complacency. the intensified search for competitive advantage may mean that some of your best customers pick up and leave without you ever knowing that there was a problem. how well can you react to-- and even predict--ever-shi microsoft software 9929|aspyr doom iii minimum system requirements doom 3 runs on any imac g5 or any mac that meets the requirements below operating system: mac os x 10.3.8 or later cpu processor: powerpc g4/g5 or later cpu speed: 1.5ghz or faster memory: 512 mb or higher hard disk ...  45.99
0|reel deal slots 2.0 for pc phantom's ultra realistic slots experience continues with reel deal slots 2nd vol. all new machines prize vaults prizes enhanced bonus games statistic tracking and vip points make slots 2nd vol. a cutting edge success. also featured are 50 unique units that make over 300 slot and video poker variations. phantom efx 9.99|quicken(r) premier 2007 quicken premier 2007 helps you invest plan and prosper in minutes. the premier version contains everything in quicken basic and quicken deluxe plus tools to monitor your net worth optimize your investments and save on taxes. quicken premier 2007 ...  79.99
0|my maillist & addressbook the easy way to manage your names addresses and more! quickly print out labels postcards and envelopes. use fonts colors logos and the thousands of clip art images that are included. mysoftware company 19.95|encore software 10669 - hoyle backgammon - win 98 me 2000 xp encore software 10669 : hoyle the 1 best selling game authority revives yet another classic board game. hoyle backgammon is great for players of all levels! system requirements: windows 98se/me/2000 sp4/xp (home and pro) sp1 pentium ii 233mhz ...  7.69
0|acad corel painter x pc/mac - marketing information: painter x the worldandquot;s most powerful natural-media painting and illustration software features unique digital brushes art materials and textures that mirror the look and feel of their traditional counterparts. setting the standard for digital painting and illustration the corel painter x digital art studio introduces new composition tools unparalleled performance and the all-new realbristle painting system that models traditional brushes like never before right down the individual bristles on the brush. product information - software sub type: creativity application - software name: painter x - complete product - features and benefits: increased performance: - corel painter x has been optimized to provide artists with the fastest version of painter ever depending on system hardware brushes perform up to 35% faster new realbristle painting system: - the new realbristle painting system heightens the responsiveness of the brush and represents a major milestone for digital painting new composition tools: - new composition tools help artists and photographers visually arrange a blank canvas prior to sketching or painting or create an aesthetically pleasing composition from a photo using the divine proportion tool and the rule of thirds new workspace manager: - corel painter x allows you to easily customize and back up your workspaces as well as export and share them with your friends and colleagues enhanced photo-paint corel 155.22|adobe photoshop cs3 extended for mac academic system requirements powerpc g4 or g5 or intel core processor mac os x v10.4.8 512mb ram 64mb vram 2gb free hard-disk space (additional space required during installation) 1024 x 768 display resolution with 16-bit video card dvd-rom drive internet or ...  295.99
0|upgrade delphi 2006 pro named fr delphi v3-2005 pro - cd delphi developers know the value of small agile teams. for years they have outperformed larger development organizations through skill expertise and the right choice of tools. delphi 2006 provides the ultimate productivity force multiplier eliminating tedium and maximizing coding efficiency through a revolutionary enterprise core objects (eco) framework an enhanced visual component library and a fully integrated suite of modeling and alm tools. part of borland developer studio delphi 2006 also includes complete rad support for c++ and c in addition to delphi win32 and delphi .net programming languages. borland delphi professional is designed for individual developers isvs and smaller organizations building desktop and web applications with local database connectivity. new in delphi 2006 the professional edition now includes select eco features that provide common desktop application services such as object-relational mapping and transparent local xml object persistence. borland international 0|apple mac os x v10.4 tiger software - single user apple & mac software mac os x v10.4 tiger operating system software - single user the mac os x v10.4 tiger software is apple's fifth major release of the osx operating system. it includes innovations that continue to push performance and speed standards forward ...  114
0|adventure workshop preschool (jewel case) adventure workshop 7 preschool - 1st grade features three great award-winning educational titles for 3-to-7 year olds. your children will love playing learning and just spending time with their favorite characters -- and you'll love watching your child laugh and learn through colorful and clever activities. help them build valuable skills in subjects that include vocabulary reading comprehension addition and subtraction logic and art. give your child a ticket to an exciting learning adventure. encore software 29.99|encore software 12421 - adventure workshop 8 1st-3rd encore software 12421 : encore software adventure workshop 8 1st-3rd - 12421  17.97
0|f-secure internet security 2007 - 3 pcs f-secure internet security 2007 provides a complete and easy-to-use protection against all internet threats whether they are known or previously unidentified. it includes an award-winning antivirus an easy-to-use personal firewall an improved antispyware and a new technology f-secure deepguard that constantly monitors the very heart of your computer ensuring that no malicious programs can take over your computer even if you do not have all the latest updates. in addition the product filters unwanted spam and so-called phishing attempts from your e-mail and with the parental control you can block access to websites with questionable content. key features protects your computer against viruses worms and unknown attackswith daily automatically updated virus protection from the world-renowned data security laboratory of f-secure and the new f-secure deepguard technology that protects you against zero-day attacks and other future threats you can safely use your computer now and tomorrow. detects and removes spyware from your computerf-secure internet security detects and removes secretly installed software from your computer better than ever before ensuring that your system is running smoothly and clean of spyware. protects your computer against hackersyou can keep your private data to yourself with the personal firewall that stops hackers from breaking into your computer. helps you stay free from spam e-mail and phishing attemptsf-secure internet security filters unwanted spam and e-mail schemes designed to steal your private information. protects your children against unwanted internet contentf-secure internet security ensures that your children or teenagers do not enter objectionable sites or surf the internet when you are not around. today's challenges in addition to computer viruses there is now a new breed of threats on the internet such as carefully planned targeted attacks that can pass through conventional security solutions unnoticed possibly taking over your computer for illegal purposes. for this reason it is essential to protect your computer not only against computer viruses and worms but also against any suspicious activity that might be a sign of danger in your computer. the solution? f-secure internet security 2007. all in one protection for your pc. protect your data and privacy when you email download music bank or shop online. f-secure internet security combines automated virus and spyware discovery and removal with daily automatically updated virus protection from f-secure's world-renowned virus research laboratory. an integrated personal firewall stops hackers from breaking into your computer and lets you keep your private data to yourself. the enhanced parental control with new individually configurable profiles and child time lock function enables parents to control and monitor their childrens' internet usage. in addition f-secure deepguard a new intelligent detection technology ensures you are protected against zero-day attacks and other future threats. f-secure internet security 2007: protects your computer against viruses worms rootkits and zero-day attacks new proactive deepguard technology protects you against any unknown threats stops spyware and hackers from entering your computer helps you stay free from spam e-mail and phishing attempts protects your children against unwanted internet content includes a web surfing time lock for children provides the fastest protection against new virus outbreaks security news easy to install and use new--f-secure deepguard technology. there is a new growing problem of fast-spreading targeted attacks or so-called zero-day attacks on the internet which cannot be detected with traditional security solutions. f-secure deepguard is a new technology that gives you a proactive layer of security that protects you against any unforeseen threats. it's like having your own private virus research lab inside your pc! new--web traffic scanning protects you against infected web sites. certain web sites can infect your computer even if you do not specifically download anything from these sites. web traffic scanning protects you against this problem by scanning the http traffic blocking any malicious content from entering your pc. new--redesigned antispyware and antivirus working together with f-secure internet security 2007. introduces a further level of protection by combining award-winning real-time antivirus software (f-secure anti-virus) with an award-winning realtime antispyware scanner. new--enhanced parental control with individually configurable user profiles and child time lock. parental control blocks access to internet sites with inappropriate content. the software can be configured to block internet pages that reference weapons drugs gambling and pornography. there is also an option to completely disable access to certain sites. with the child time lock feature parents can also define at what time of the day their children are permitted to surf the internet. new--enhanced anti-spam with e-mail based antiphishing and real-time blackhole list support (rbl) anti-spam filters unsolicited email based on a bayesian filter and the use of blacklists. the software also detects phishing attacks and filters them into a separate e-mail folder. protect yourself against the unknown fast spreading targeted attacks or so-called zero-day attacks are a new growing problem on the internet. the latest version of f-secure internet security comes with a new intelligent technology that protects you against these unforeseen threats. protect your privacy with improved antispyware spyware can secretly track your surfing habits abuse your internet connection by sending data to a third party profile your shopping preferences or hijack your web browser. f-secure anti-virus protects your privacy by detecting and removing such software from your computer. stay free from spam and phishing attempts the amount of spam is increasing as well as the number of e-mail schemes designed to get you to unknowingly disclose your private information. with f-secure internet security you can protect yourself against these rapidly growing problems. f-secure internet security detects and filters spam and phishing attempts in e-mails. parental control with time lock and user profiles the parental control feature ensures that your children do not enter questionable web sites or use the internet when you are not around. you can also define age-based user profiles that have different access levels to the internet content. protection against zero-day attacks and rootkits zero-day attacks are a new type of threat that can break into your computer even if you have up-to-date security software installed. the new f-secure deepguard technology now detects and prevents any suspicious activity that might indicate a danger in your computer. rootkits are also detected and removed. web traffic scanning certain web sites can infect your computer even if you do not download anything from the web site. web traffic scanning protects you against this problem. e-mail scanning pop3 imap and smtp traffic are scanned for viruses so that you do not have to worry about infected e-mails. easy to install and use f-secure internet security is extremely easy to install and use. as the software is highly automated you do not have to understand the complexities of data security. the fastest protection against new virus outbreaks immediate reaction times and fast cures during new and emerging threats ensured by f-secure research team working 24 hours a day. security news news about virus outbreaks is delivered straight to your computer. this ensures that you get information about the new viruses and their behavior immediately as well as the instructions on how to avoid the infection and a confirmation whether your computer is already protected against the latest threat. multiple scanning engines f-secure internet security uses multiple scanning engines bringing you the very best in detection and disinfection. each of the scanning engines is specialized in detecting a different type of malware. it is like having several antivirus products running in your computer at the same time! intuitive product tutorial learn about product features and functions. this easy to use tutorial provides answers to many essential questions on how to use the software. software in your language f-secure internet security has a clear user interface including an easily accessible electronic manual. both the software and electronic manual are available in your language. compare home user solutions feature f-secure internet security 2007 f-secure anti-virus 2007 protects your computer against viruses worms other malware and rootkits yes yes includes a firewall to protect your computer against hackers yes no includes real-time protection against spyware yes yes scans e-mail for viruses and malicious code yes yes helps you stay free from spam e-mail yes yes easy to install and use yes yes provides the fastest protection against new virus outbreaks (based on independent data from av-test.org) yes yes protects your children against unwanted internet content yes no includes a web surfing time lock for children yes no includes application control yes no includes an intuitive e-learning tool yes yes automatically updates yes yes security news delivered to your desktop yes no global marketing partners 79.99|qb pos 6.0 pro multi store sw qb pos 6.0 pro multistore retail mngmt software. has all the features in basic plus the ability to manage up to ten stores from a single office. intuit 1054.99
0|photo explosion deluxe 3.0 photo explosion deluxe 3.0 delivers powerful photo editing features spectacular special effects and professional-quality photo projects - all together in one complete suite offering millions of creative combinations. it's packed with exciting new features designed to unlock the power of your digital camera. improve your photos with one-click smartenhance& 153; red-eye removal and a full array of easy-to-use photo editing tools. then create eye-catching photo calendars scrapbooks wide-angle panoramas and more or even morph one photo into another. this deluxe edition lets you burn photo slide shows onto cds that you can watch on tv with family and friends using most dvd players. you can also view your photos on mobile phones handhelds and ipods. nova development 49.99|dramatica pro 4 for pc for pc media format cd dramatica pro acts as your creative-writing partner. helps you solve the plots & character problems that prevent good stories from being sold assists you from the initial idea all the way through to the completed narrative ...  249.99
0|state standards - grade 6 state standards grade 6 has everything you need to help your child succeed. in one package you'll help your son or daughter understand state tests and get passing grades on them. diagnose problem areas improve results and print out progress-monitoring reports. covers everything a child is expected to know when at the 6th grade level. topics entertainment 29.95|act! 2007 act! 2007 is a contact and customer manager that helps you make contact build relationships and get results. act! enables you to instantly access key contact and customer information manage and prioritize activities and track all contact-related ...  199.99
0|microsoft powerpoint 2004 upgrade (mac) powerpoint 2004 for mac will help you make impressive presentations that have lasting impact. new display tools smooth transitions and bold new animations let you make adjustments on the fly so you'll be prepared and in control every step of the way. microsoft 109.99|sonicwall gms 1000n-incremental lic upg today enterprises and service providers face increasing security challenges in their distributed networks from security and virus attacks to enforcing security policies. as a distributed network grows and branches into multiple subnetworks linked ...  62920.89
0|the print shop 22 deluxe sb cs by the print shop the print shop 22 deluxe offers the best in total personal creativity. 350 000+ images & graphics plus 20 000+ project templates! packed with new features and tools you have everything you need to satisfy your creative side. enhanced photo editing features provide professional looking results to make your photos perfect every time. easily add them to any project create slideshows burn to cd or resize for your mobile phone. new project size options photo quality printing and borderless print features mean your projects will have the refined look you want! dynamic project and image search capabilities will help you quickly and effortless find your saved projects or the perfect image or graphic for your creation. for easy share options export your projects to multiple file types including pdf jpeg tiff gif and much more! even manage your time with calender creator express the address book and improved mail merge for effortless mailings every time. the creative possibilities are endless with the print shop 22 deluxe! encore software 49.95|software reliability and testing by hoang pham 9780818668524 pham presents 14 recent papers that provide an overview of the latest software reliability models testing techniques and applications. the papers on software reliability describe applications of software reliability growth modeling to software ...  38.95
0|quicken 2007 deluxe quicken deluxe 2007 contains all the tools you liked in quicken basic plus tools to help you plan for the future and achieve your financial goals. download your credit card banking and brokerage transactions directly from your participating financial institutions. save for a college tuition a new home or vacation; create retirement and estate plans; avoid getting into debt; and simplify your taxes. see your complete financial picture in minutes! intuit 59.95|s65-00393 microsoft virtual pc for mac - ( v. 7.0 ) - w/ windows 2000 - complete package - microsoft s65-00393 : usually ships in 24 hours : in stock : expand the power of your mac with microsoft virtual pc for mac version 7 the application that makes it possible for you to access pc-only software files networks and devices from your ...  238.48
0|emedia bass method win/mac emedia bass method os x (win 95 98 me nt 2000 xp/mac 7.1-9.x(classic) x) emedia 59.99|view video giuseppe verdi verdi - the king of melody this colorfully filmed drama of the life and loves of the great composer guiseppe verdi is played against a background of the great operas of the 19th century. a tender love story of verdi's successful and turbulent life we hear more than 20 ...  14.86
0|sims complete the sims complete collection includes the sims and all seven expansion packs -- all in one convenient package. an entire world of sims awaits your quirky command. it's your neighborhood they're your sims and whether they prosper or perish is completely up to you! with the sims - unleashed you'll add a furry friend to your sims family. housebreak your pets train them to do tricks buy them toys and do your best to keep them from destroying the house! the sims - superstar lets you experience the lifestyles of the rich and famous and guide your sims to superstardom. become a movie star rocker or supermodel and spend your cash on extravagant new items for your home. in the sims - makin' magic you'll cast spells hypnotize friends and even turn a neighbor into a frog. but watch out spells can go haywire if you're not careful. the neighborhood will never be the same! aspyr media 49.99|three-to-a-page business checks this popular style is for small businesses - use for disbursements and payroll.no carbons no mess! choose 1- or 2-part carbonless safety paper checks in your choice of blue green or yellow tint background.stub records date amount and name of ...  104.39
0|simply put software data eliminator data eliminator removes all information from computer hard drives. it makes it simple to protect yourself from identity theft by purging your computer prior to donating or recycling. wipe out all spyware and viruses to start fresh. simply put software 0|hp procurve mobility manager - ( v. 1.0 ) - license and media hp procurve mobility manager - ( v. 1.0 ) - license and media - 1 user - win  1537.06
0|omniweb 5.0  omni group 29.99|50411 spy sweeper with antivirus - complete package - 3 users - win webroot software 50411 : usually ships in 24 hours : in stock : spyware grows more sophisticated every day.  38.91
0|simple slide show in simple slideshow you have everything you need to turn existing photographs in fantastic slideshow presentations! topics entertainment 19.99|encore software 10673 - hoyle casino 2007 - win 98 me 2000 xp encore software 10673 : hoyle casino the best-selling casino game of all time offers excitement and challenge with over 500 variations of 16 of the most popular casino games. system requirements: windows 98se/me/2000 sp4/xp (home & pro) sp1 ...  18.97
0|microsoft onenote 2007 office onenote 2007 is a digital notebook that provides one place to gather notes and information powerful search capabilities to find what you're looking for quickly and easy-to-use shared notebooks to help manage information overload and work with others more effectively. as an integrated part of the 2007 microsoft office system onenote 2007 makes it easy to gather organize find and share your notes and information more efficiently and effectively. powerful search capabilities can help you locate information from text within pictures or from spoken words in audio and video recordings. and easy-to-use collaborative tools help teams work together with all of this information in shared notebooks whether online or offline. plus the familiar look and feel of the microsoft office system makes it easy to start using the program right away minimizing wasted time and training costs. gather all of your information in office onenote 2007. view larger. gather and organize everything in one place with so much information coming your way--and in so many different forms--you need one place to keep it all and a tool that's flexible enough to capture it. otherwise information that could have been used to help make better decisions or make you more efficient is lost or difficult to find. unlike paper-based systems word processing programs e-mail systems or other productivity programs onenote 2007 delivers the flexibility to gather and organize text pictures digital handwriting audio and video recordings and more--all in one digital notebook on your computer. this software can help you become more productive by keeping the information you need at your fingertips and reducing time spent searching for information across e-mail messages paper notebooks file folders and printouts. save time by consolidating information taking notes on paper and transcribing them later can be time-consuming and difficult and you run the risk of losing important pages. in addition it's difficult to share data kept in a conventional paper notebook and they're only good for capturing one kind of information: handwritten notes. when it's time to gather information from other sources and in different ways other difficulties can arise. for instance because most people don't have a way of digitally capturing unstructured information they often print out web research and store information in file folders or on desks which is difficult to find later and inaccessible when you're away. and sharing information with others can be challenging--even when using e-mail it can be hard to hard to figure out what the plan is without reading through long e-mail threads that may or may not contain the information you need. onenote 2007 however gives you a solution with a flexible software program that enables you to gather virtually any type of information in one place. with your information readily available you can be more prepared and informed. quickly find what you need with onenote 2007 finding information is easy and fast because it eliminates the guesswork of figuring out where you stored critical information. no more clicking through file folders and sorting through pages of paper notebooks to find the information you're looking for. powerful search features give you the ability to locate information quickly while allowing you to search across new types of content like text in scanned documents or images and spoken words in audio and video recordings. with easier access to the facts you and your teammates can make better decisions. with office onenote 2007 your team can work together more effectively. view larger. protect your intellectual property onenote 2007 helps you consolidate various types of information--including freeform notes images documents files from other microsoft office system programs and rich media--and organize it in the way that works best for you. and because it keeps everything in one place you don't have to worry about frequently saving or creating backups of your information--onenote 2007 does this for you. ideal for businesses if you're attending an important meeting and don't want to rely on your memory simply take meeting notes in onenote 2007 to create a living repository of group decisions and brainstorming sessions that adds continuity and context to subsequent meetings. you can also catch all the details of customer calls and meetings by synchronizing typed or handwritten notes with office onenote 2007 audio and video recordings. if you're working outside of the office gather information on your microsoft windows mobile powered devices (including notes audio recordings and pictures) and transfer it to onenote 2007. and when it's time to share data with your colleagues take advantage of onenote 2007's export application programming interface to easily transfer information gathered in onenote 2007 to your company's business systems and in so doing reduce errors and wasted time spent rekeying the same information in different systems. need to copy paste or print information from and into other 2007 microsoft office system programs? it's no problem with onenote; this software lets you access and exchange information in word excel outlook and powerpoint. you can even use onenote 2007's drawing tools and tables to annotate and easily organize and manage information. find what you're looking for quickly using office onenote 2007. view larger. search and link options onenote 2007 lets you search and find keywords quickly within text in images and in audio recordings made within the application. you can also view hyperlinked search results in a summary task pane; a single click takes you to relevant results. for added convenience view all open notebooks at once use drag-and-drop functionality to easily arrange and rearrange your notes and add hyperlinks to other pages in your notebook to quickly find relevant content. manage tasks easily with two-way synchronization between onenote 2007 and the 2003 and 2007 versions of outlook or link notes and other information to specific outlook 2007 or outlook 2003 contacts to help you better prepare for meetings and recall information easily. if you want to underscore a particularly important point date or other piece of information mark notes with note tags visually rich icons that make it easier to return to reminders to-dos and other action items. work together more effectively with team members working from different locations and on multiple projects communication coordination and information sharing can challenge group effectiveness and productivity. teams often rely on e-mail messages to share information causing confusion and bloated e-mail inboxes. tasks action items agendas and issues stored within static documents or document management systems are difficult to update track and access and they prevent multiple people from working with the same information at the same time. onenote 2007 helps people work together better by eliminating roadblocks that arise when information is isolated in paper notes or file folders or on one person's computer. groups can share information easily work more productively and keep track of projects issues and goals more effectively. individuals can work together from the same notebook--whether online or offline--using shared notebooks. onenote2007 manages changes made to the same notebook eliminating the need to track versions or upload changes. you can also create a team knowledge base so that everyone has access to the same information helping to get new team members up to speed quickly and minimizing duplicate efforts. share notes even with non-onenote 2007 users by sending your notes as html so that anyone with an e-mail client or web browser can view them and stay in control of your information by choosing which notebooks to share with your teammates and which to keep private and help ensure privacy with password protection. you can even use onenote 2007 as a shared digital whiteboard enabling virtual teams to work together in real time viewing and editing the same set of notes. microsoft 99.95|topics entertainment 40206 - instant immersion german lab (software/audiobook/workbook) - win 98 me 2000 xp/mac os 9 or x topics entertainment 40206 : your results just came in from the lab and your prognosis for german language proficiency has never been better! introducing instant immersion? german lab the multi-format language system comprising audio software ...  34.97
0|chessmaster 9000 (mac) chessmaster 9000 places you where you must master one of history's great challenges -- the age-old game of chess! this new & improved chess engine features 150 different opponents from beginner to grandmaster level. speed up the action in speed chess mode you are invited to test your brain by mastering history's greatest game! feral interactive 39.99|microsoft open csf svr 3.0 - b7n-00104   106184
0|brain food games: cranium collection 2006 back and better than ever / 4 full-version games - hoyle word games - who wants to be a millionaire - professor fuji's sudoku & smart games challenge 2 over 600 new and more complex questions multiple choice answers complete the millionaire game play experience - feel like you're actually in the hot seat fastest finger contest and two-player action provide extra fun for you and you family and friends all-new lifeline options provide more than 15 wacky phone-a-friend characters professor fuji's sudoku - 1 000 puzzle grids in 3 different levels cheat mode boss-hide key and a built-in timer make this sudoku game perfect for beginners and experts alike printable puzzles allow you to take sudoku on-the-go smart games challenge 2 - loaded with over 1 400 new puzzles to stimulate strengthen and sharpen your brain logic perception word trivia and strategy puzzles offer hundreds of levels of difficulty for brains of all sizes exercise your brain with quirky puzzles like brain candy mass transit leap frog and say what? - guaranteed to bewilder bamboozle and boggle your mind system requirements - windows 2000 sp4/xp (home& pro) sp2 pentium iii 450 mhz processor or faster 64 mb ram (128 mb ram for xp) 400 mb of free hard-disk space 8x cd-rom or faster quicktime 7.0 (included on cd) directx 9.0c (included on cd) 32 mb directx 9.0c compatible video card capable of displaying 800 x 600 x 16 bit colors directx 9.0c compatible 16-bit sound card mouse and keyboard microsoft internet explorer 5.5 or higher encore 19.95|d-link vpn client software (5-user license) - ds-605 ds-605 d-link provider of firewall/vpn security appliances introduces the vpn client software to complement the netdefend family of firewall hardware. this vpn client software provides a complete and secure way for remote clients to communicate with ...  173.99
0|axis network camera 213 ptz - digital video camera ( 0220-004 ) the axis 213 ptz network camera enables advanced remote monitoring with pan tilt and zoom control over ip networks. it features a powerful 26x optical zoom auto focus lens and an ir mode for nighttime conditions.the axis 213 ptz delivers superior quality motion jpeg and mpeg-4 video streams simultaneously. the camera provides 20 preset positions and 1 preset sequence (auto patrol) to monitor specific areas. it also offers pre- and post-alarm image buffering and advanced event management features.the axis 213 ptz connects directly to an ip network and with a built-in web server enables remote monitoring and control from any pc connected to the local area network or the internet. the camera provides wide coverage with its ability to pan 340 degrees tilt 100 degrees and zoom in on specific details. the axis 213 ptz is ideal for monitoring people and property and for remote learning and troubleshooting. a protective dome housing is available for indoor and outdoor applications. axis communication inc. 0|smart-sound sonicfire pro 4 corporate edition - mac os x audio software for video sonicfire pro 4 corporate edition - music scoring software for video professionals with additional strata-series music libraries - mac os x sonicfire pro 4 corporate edition from smartsound is software for video professionals who need to quickly ...  448.95
0|printmaster 17 gold by encore software - marketing information: if youandquot;ve got a passion for creative self-expression youandquot;ll find endless inspiration in this sophisticated easy-to-use program. enjoy all of the great features you expect from printmaster plus brilliant new upgrades that make personal creativity easier and more rewarding than ever. design everything from basic greeting cards to elaborate newsletters full stationery sets seasonal decorations. if you can imagine it you can create it and share it with printmaster. product information - software sub type: creativity application - software name: printmaster v.17.0 gold - complete product - features and benefits: - enhance your creations with over 225 000 premium images in every theme and style - getting started is as easy as 1-2-3 just choose one of 17 500+ professionally-designed projects add your own personal message or photo and print - itandquot;s that easy - bonus - access to over 1.5 million additional images - web publishing templates. itandquot;s never been easier to create your very own personalized web page. select from over 100 pre-made templates and follow the easy wizard steps to publish your creations online to share with family and friends - burn your projects onto a cd or dvd. easy to share with friends and family. backup organize and store your projects - print onto avery templates making printing easier and more efficient without wasting time ink or paper - access all of your favorite encore software 30.66|jumpstart advanced 1st grade knowledge adventure key features: four cd set enhances education over 50 skills reviewed special features ...  19.99
0|upgrade crystal reports 11 pro french - marketing information: create reports from a large variety of personal and enterprise data sources. professional edition is ideal for report designers database administrators it professionals and power users.crystal reports xi professional edition provides native odbc ole db and jdbc connectivity to relational olap xml legacy and enterprise data. product information - software sub type: database reporting - software name: crystal reports xi professional edition - upgrade - features and benefits: data access: - access almost any kind of data with more than 35 data drivers and tight control over database connectivity formatting and design: - design professional-looking interactive reports using features like the visual report designer and dynamic prompts report viewing and interaction: - make it easy for people in your organization to view and work with their reports by customizing them to match their needs security support and maintenance: - crystal reports can work within your existing security infrastructure and with other business objects tools - language support: french - platform support: pc license information - license type: product upgrade - license pricing: standard - license quantity: 1 user business objects 479.78|jim beloff homespun the joy of uke - vol. 1 & 2 dvd set both dvds in one great collection!  36.67
0|more brain games more brain games combines entertainment with mental stimulation for people of all ages who want to play brain challenging games. you'll never get tired of the challenge these games can offer -- and solving them can provide a sense of accomplishment and well-being. it's a great time for the casual gamer that's looking for both fun and intellectual benefits from gaming. csdc 9.99|topics presents: human body from brain activity to muscular movement circulatory function to the skeletal system this award-winning suite includes 5 cd-roms that provide a complete guide tutorial and reference source on human anatomy and physiology. features the human 3d; ...  15.9
0|refviz v2 mac single user refviz v2 mac single user isi researchsoft 299.95|instant landscape design 3.0 from shrubbery to sandboxes; gravel to gateposts now you can design the lawn and garden of your dreams with a few clicks of the mouse and the powerful user-friendly tech tools exclusive to instant landscape design 3.0 on cd-rom. developed ...  17.9
0|espro + interpretair s/w - marketing information: interpretair provides wireless lan installers and network professionals with the vision they need to plan deploy verify and document their 802.11a/b/g wlan networks. interpretair is a wireless site survey tool and much more; it provides visualization of rf health metrics greatly simplifying wlan environment analysis and enabling performance tuning. discover where and why wlan network performance is sub-optimal and take action; proactively addressing problems that could affect mobile application performance. product information - software sub type: network connectivity/management - software name: interpretair wlan survey - complete product - features and benefits: planning and simulation: - simulate wlan performance using interpretair software prior to installing any live wireless lan equipment. define environmental characteristics such as wall construction materials access point power configuration and antenna selection to view how subtle changes may affect wlan performance before installing a single access point. verification and reports: - physical changes in the enterprise can affect rf performance. the interpretair software integrated report generator automatically creates comprehensive site survey documentation that can be recalled for future analysis and comparison rf health: - interpretair software takes rf site survey analysis to a new level by enabling visualization of multiple measurement criteria in a single view fluke networks 5750.6|microsoft student with encarta premium 2008 - complete package microsoft student with encarta premium 2008 - complete package - 1 pc - dvd ( mini-box ) - win - english - north america  43.6
0|symantec gateway security 300 series 10 ( 10224341 ) the symantec gateway security 300 series is the high-performance low-maintenance firewall appliance for small businesses. it combines comprehensive security a reliable internet gateway and a secure wireless lan option in one affordable solution. the security component includes a stateful inspection firewall secure ipsec vpn connectivity intrusion detection intrusion prevention content filtering and policy enforcement for symantec connected antivirus clients. the network component supports high-speed internet sharing routing and redundancy along with an optional secure wireless lan access point. an intuitive setup wizard and symantec's exclusive liveupdate technology make setup and maintenance a breeze while its licensing options eliminate the hassle and cost of monthly subscription charges. symantec 349|encore inc 3d home architect home design deluxe version 9 the ultimate easy-to-use home design and remodeling solution that incorporates the latest design techniques and technologies to ensure your dream home becomes a reality. system requirements: pc: windows 2000 sp4/xp (home and pro) sp2/vista  25.49
0|ghostsurf platinum 2006 [lb] ghostsurf platinum 2006 provides an anonymous encrypted internet connection and ghostsurf stops spyware eliminates ads and erases your tracks. customize your privacy level in real-time to suit your surfing needs. whether you'd like to block personal information mask your ip address route your data through anonymous hubs or encrypt your internet connection ghostsurf platinum 2006 has you covered. avanquest publishing usa inc. 39.99|sony photo go key features: simple to use import photos rate favorite photos many edit options share photos show me how tutorials ...  24.99
0|ultimate pinball (jewel case) includes 20 amazingly fun tables!product informationit's got flippers bumpers ramps and lightning fast balls that will putyour reflexes to the test.an ultra 3d environment and real-life physics will test even the best pinballplayer as you rack up points b valusoft 9.99|17911 window washer - license and media - 1 user - cd - win webroot software 17911 : usually ships in 24 hours : : as you work on your computer and browse the internet you leave behind traces of your activity.  21.41
0|sound forge 9.0 sound forge 9 is the industry standard for editing and production. create and edit stereo and multichannel audio files with speed and precision in the studio or in the field. the latest version is a complete audio production suite -- cd design effects processing and mastering tools. a host of new features will gives you total control of your audio - from multichannel audio recording and editing to dolby digital ac-3 encoding. acclaimed for its power stability and intuitive interface it's the fastest way to get from raw audio to finished master. automated time-based recording audio restoration tools spectrum analysis tools noise reduction 2.0 plug-ins drag and drop editing between channels hardware meters with output gain control phase and mono-compatibility meters multichannel-capable spectrum analysis disc-at-once cd burning batch processing and scripting; wave hammer mastering tools; acoustic mirror plug-ins dolby digital ac-3 support hardware meters with output gain control directx plug-in fx automation link to sony music studios internet mastering (sim) works with vista sony media 399.96|csdc route 66 route canada (french) door to door route planning for canada and the us. over 4000000 points-of-interest more than 11500000 kilometers of road over 75000000 house numbers over 6500000 streets gps-compatible multi-lingual user interface  35.98
0|cinescore professional soundtrack edition sony cinescore is a breakthrough in professional soundtrack creation. it provides content creators with a palette of themes that can be customized to match the moods and genres of the surrounding work. generate your own fully composed multigenre production music perfect for movies slideshows commercials and radio productions. producers select a basic theme and cinescore's engine creates music that can be shaped to fit. multiple tracks with functional editing capabilities ensure the most accurate fit for your media. the music's time and tempo intensity variation and repetition can be easily connected with associated video or voiceover down to frame level accuracy. the customizable user-defined settings yield an unlimited number of musical choices. create the perfect soundtrack without any specialized musical knowledge or technical skill. hint markers control changes in tempo mood and intensity multiple ending types for generated media includes over 300 sound effects and audio transitions themes sorted based on instruments keywords and more video scoring track and real-time preview window audio sweetening track real-time editing during playback interactive show me how tutorials and online help volume and pan envelopes audio time stretching track markers and regions cd audio extraction external monitor preview unlimited undo/redo project media bins sony pictures digital entertainment 249.95|the print shop(r) 22 the print shop 22 is like having your own creative agency at home! includes over 250000 images and graphics plus more than 18000 project templates. endless new images tools colors projects and artistic effects give you the power to create ...  29.99
0|simply put software gotta sing ( windows/macintosh ) gotta sing offers professional voice lessons that are guaranteed to improve your singing voice. it's the perfect tool for professional singing instruction simply put software 0|steinberg nuendo 3 music production software nuendo 3 professional media production system for mac and windows special offer nuendo 3 from steinberg is a multi-track recording/editing software package designed to serve the needs for everyone producing sound for film television video or games. ...  1999.99
0|middle school success essentials  topics entertainment 29.99|photostudio(r) expressions 2.0 this all-in-one digital photo suite lets you organize and enhance your digital photos and even add special effects to them. photostudio expressions 2.0 lets you create photo albums greeting cards calendars and even slide-show movies that can be ...  29.99
0|zonealarm internet security suite  zone labs 49.99|cadtprnaen150 ca desktop protection suite - ( v. 1.5 ) - complete package - 5 users - win - en computer associates international cadtprnaen150 : usually ships in 24 hours : : industry analysts report that growth in it spending for the smb market is on the rise representing a significant growth opportunity for ca and ca resellers.  298.13
0|my sim aquarium my sim aquarium has all the simulated fish and fish tank accessories you need to turn your monitor into a gorgeous fish tank. viva media 19.99|alfred publishing inc learn to play keyboard for beginners of all ages. based on best selling book series from alfred publishing - teaching the world to play music since 1922! system requirements: windows: pentium or compatible 32 mb ram 30 mb hd space 640x480 16-bit color display  7.22
0|microsoft licenses biztalk hipaa std. sa only (u0200024) model- u0200024 vendor- microsoft corporation features- biztalk hipaa std sa only microsoft biztalk hipaa standard accelerator only software assur- ance only single processor license biztalk server accelerator for hipaa is a supplemental product to biztalk server enabling healthcare organizations to quickly implement and maintain health insurance portability and account- ability act of 1996 transaction standards. biztalk server is microsoftandrsquo;s software integration tool andndash; allowing you to streamline business processes integrate internal app- lications and connect securely with business partners over the internet. biztalk server offers the following features: concurrency and synchronization advanced process correlation business process state management support for xml web services support for soap version 1.1 support for xslt support for un/edifact and ansi x12 edi support for smtp support for http support for hipaa electronic healthcare standard microsoft licenses 4215.77|encore software 14060 - terror strike - win 2000 xp encore software 14060 : cto: counter-terrorist ops close-quarters assault is a tense accurate simulation of close quarters combat. lead four-man teams in assaults on terrorist strongholds. rescue hostages held at gunpoint. recreate the deadly ...  18.97
0|caillou ready for school (pc & mac) caillou helps young children to make sense of the world and teaches them that learning and growing up are the greatest adventures of all. includes 4 activity cds 4 printable workbooks and 2 sets of learning flash cards. teaches alphabet counting colors shapes and thinking skills. brighter minds media inc. 19.99|three-to-a-page business checks this popular style is for small businesses - use for disbursements and payroll.no carbons no mess! choose 1- or 2-part carbonless safety paper checks in your choice of blue green or yellow tint background.stub records date amount and name of ...  65.19
0|the printshop 20 print shop 20 helps home artists expand their creative horizons and indulges their creative side! the complete creativity pakcage is here -- practically bursting with new tools nad options that help you create wonderful projects! broderbund 29.99|encore inc 3d home architect home design deluxe version 9 the ultimate easy-to-use home design and remodeling solution that incorporates the latest design techniques and technologies to ensure your dream home becomes a reality. system requirements: pc: windows 2000 sp4/xp (home and pro) sp2/vista  25.49
0|microsoft publisher 2007 version upgrade microsoft office publisher 2007 is a business publishing and marketing materials solution that helps you create and distribute effective publications for print web and e-mail. it's the easy way to develop and share a wide range of business and marketing materials in-house. now featuring new and improved capabilities to guide you through the process of creating and distributing in a variety of mediums publisher 2007 gives you the tools you need to build your brand manage customer lists and track your marketing campaigns. personalize your marketing communications using new e-mail merge personalized hyperlinks and your own creativity view larger. this version upgrade of publisher 2007 is available to those who have one of the following qualifying applications: microsoft publisher 2000-2002; microsoft office publisher 2003; microsoft publisher deluxe 2000-2002; microsoft office publisher 2003 with digital imaging; any 2000-2007 microsoft office suite; and any microsoft office xp suite. create high-quality publications nothing reflects your brand identity as well as a high-quality publication and publisher 2007 now offers new and improved tools that help you efficiently create customize and reuse a wide variety of marketing communications materials that are tailored to your company's specific needs. get started quickly by choosing from a library of hundreds of customizable design templates or blank publications including newsletters brochures flyers postcards web sites e-mail formats and more. create a business identity for all your business and personal needs that includes your company name contact information eye-catching fonts vivid colors and your unique logo. time-saving template options publisher 2007 is chock full of time-saving options like the new search tool which lets you quickly locate and preview high-quality templates from microsoft office online right within the publisher catalog. categorize preview open and save your templates efficiently within my templates for fast retrieval. for faster turnaround store frequently used text design elements and graphics in the new content store so you can use them in other publications. for example easily place content from a multipage newsletter into an e-mail template or web layout for online distribution. easily preview your own brand elements--colors fonts logo and business information--and apply them to all office publisher 2007 content for a more relevant getting started experience. view larger. want eye-catching colorful results? choose from more than 70 designer-created color schemes or create one of your own--you can even choose pantone colors from right within the application. publisher tasks use publisher tasks to get help with common procedures such as inserting images creating a mail merge or reusing content and take advantage of the enhanced catalog merge to produce frequently updated materials--such as datasheets catalogs or price lists--by merging text and images from a database. customize your publications using a collection of intuitive design layout typography and graphics tools. then run the enhanced design checker to identify and fix common design errors in commercial print web and e-mail publications prior to distributing or printing. personalize your publications and marketing materials publisher 2007 includes new e-mail merge capabilities enhanced mail merge and catalog merge making it easier than ever to send personalized e-mail and print marketing communication materials. you can also create truly unique materials by customizing and then experimenting with intuitive design tools--let your creativity run wild! with office publisher 2007 you can share print and publish professional-looking layouts with ease. view larger. more integration options publisher 2007 gives you the option of combining and editing mailing lists within publisher from multiple sources including microsoft office excel microsoft office outlook microsoft office access and more. use the list to create personalized e-mail and print communications or mailing labels or to build custom collateral such as catalogs and flyers. you can also use personalized hyperlinks to personalize the display text and destination of a hyperlink within an e-mail merge. in addition improved integration with microsoft office outlook 2007 with business contact manager (available in microsoft office small business 2007 and microsoft office professional 2007) enables you to initiate and track the distribution of marketing materials created in publisher 2007. share print and publish with ease publisher 2007 provides new and improved ways for you to share print and publish your materials with ease. first you can save publisher 2007 files in a fixed file format such as portable document format (pdf) or xml paper specification (xps) for easy sharing. additionally pdf settings within publisher 2007 include options for online viewing desktop printing and commercial printing. take advantage of full commercial printing support for large quantities and high-quality printing; publisher 2007 includes four-color process printing spot color printing cyan-magenta-yellow-black (cmyk) composite postscript and more. or use the improved pack and go wizard to prepare your files including a press-ready pdf file for a commercial printer. improvements in e-mail distribution and viewing including support for sending multipage publications as a single-page message make it easier than ever to create and send publications as e-mail messages. finally you can convert publications for viewing on the web and then identify and correct unintended desktop commercial print web and e-mail problems using the improved design checker. microsoft 99.95|omniform (v5.0) premium with 20 filler lic - nuance - 8609x-w00-5.0 convert paper forms to digital design from scratch and manage thedata collection digitally with no programming experience. itsversatility enables you to implement a forms process using pdf html rtf or our own intelligent ofm format.form data ...  384.97 gbp
0|microsoft office & windows training coming soon! topics entertainment 29.99|aspyr the sims complete collection system requirements: operating system: mac os x 10.3.9 or later cpu processor: powerpc g3 or later cpu speed: 500mhz or faster memory: 256 mb or higher hard disk space: 3.5 gb free disk space video memory (vram): 4 mb or higher media required: dvd ...  47.99
0|mozy 3.0  simply put software llc 0|wg017322 watchguard gateway antivirus/intrusion prevention service - subscription license watchguard technologies wg017322 : usually ships in 24 hours : : gateway antivirus/intrusion prevention service (gateway av/ips) is an easy-to-manage signature-based integrated security option that identifies and blocks suspicious network activity ...  2758.34
0|snap! spelling (jewel case) give your youngster a head start with snap spelling the colorful cd-rom software that focuses on this important language skill. designed especially for kids ages five to nine this disc is chock full of entertaining graphics cleverly utilized to reinforce the basics of word formation through the rules of letter combination. with its solid blend of activities and education snap spelling takes kids from point a to z.features:12 animated story episodes in 2 partsinterrupt the story at any time indulge in word play funprintable word mastery achievement certificateswindows system requirements:pentium 90 mhz or higherwindows 95/9816 mb ram2x cd-rom drivewindows compatible sound card256 colors or higher display graphicsmousemac system requirements:68040 or higher (including power pc)imac g3 or highersystem 7.5 or higher16 mb ram2x cd-rom drivecolor display capablemouse topics entertainment 19.95|panda software upg to gatdef performa 8200 4k0 1yr - uabpgdpcavs   186518
0|jeopardy jeopardy! is one of the all-time tv game shows and now it's available on your computer. choose money tiles in various categories -- behind each one is the answer to a question. can you guess what the question is? enjoy the full tv-game experience with more puzzles and double jeopardy. encore 9.99|microsoft windows vista ultimate retail no open box returns system requirements pc with pentium 1 ghz 32-bit (x86) or 64-bit (x64) processor 1 gb of ram or more recommended 40 gb of available hard-disk space and requires an additional 15 gb of available hard-disk space. graphics process unit windows aero ...  399.99
0|doom 3 (dvd) (mac) the ruins of an ancient martian civilization have unlocked the secrets to teleportation and the uac will stop at nothing to harness this world-altering technology. as part of a marine detachment sent to protect the facility your duty seemed simple enough?until the invasion. now in an epic clash against pure evil you must fight to understand who is with you who is against you and what must be done to stop this nightmare from reaching earth. built on id's revolutionary new 3d graphics engine doom 3 draws you into the most frightening and gripping 3d gaming experience ever created. aspyr media 39.99|egames. inc casual games pack collection of ten popular and professionally-developed casual games spanning all the favorite casual game genres! system requirements: tbd  16.62
0|csi: crime scene investigation csi comes to life on your pc with all the cyber-sherlock holmes appeal fans know and love. the high production value of the game and its faithful adherence to the theme style and sound of the show prove that it is not just a crass attempt to cash in on the csi craze. as you'd expect csi is a mystery adventure game that follows the format of the csi show. you collect evidence head to the lab visit the morgue and so on. you scrutinize the game's screens looking for evidence or areas that may contain hidden clues. you can use luminal to find blood traces you can dust for prints and you can use the sniffer to get gas samples--all are familiar tools and methods used in the show. csi fans will likely intuitively know when and where to use each item while adventure game fans will delight in having such new high tech toys. csi offers five quality storylines each of which would feel at home on the show. while you don't get to fill the shoes of one of the show's well-known characters you do get to work with each of them as you progress along the csi investigative chain. show characters join you to provide hints and help you establish the motive means and opportunity needed to determine and catch the bad guy. fans of the show will forgive the short length of the game and merely adequate graphics just because of the quality storylines use of the real actors and respect shown the license. adventure game fans will also appreciate it even if they'll find it a bit too easy (it's aimed at mainstream fans more than hardcore gamers). csi brings enough true crime class to be of interest to fans and non-fans alike.--andrew s. bub pros: actors from the show voice their characters in the game pays homage and tribute to the show respects adventure game and csi fans equally cons: animation is stiff five mysteries is too few ubi soft 19.99|onone software pxe-11433 pxl smartscale elect 1-user english mac/win seeing is believing. using pxl smartscale youll have complete control of the overall sharpness edge contrast and detail. powered by the most advanced scaling technology available pxl smartscale offers an easy intuitive way to scale images up to ... onone software 158.99
0|easy video editor 2.0 by honest technology with easy video editor 2.0 even a beginner can split and join video files of various formats. now you can manage edit and organize your home movies or other video files with just a few easy steps! the software makes it simple to cut sections from movies or join small movie files into larger single movie files. supports virtually all video formats: avi dv-avi mpeg wmv and asf are supported for input and output. streaming output (wmv) is supported for internet broadcasting. split larger files into several smaller video files - split by play time number of files or file size while editing sections can be split into a number of files and saved -- file formats can be specified multiple small files can be joined into larger single video files -- regardless of of video formats input/output types - avi dv-avi mpeg-1 vcd mpeg-2 svcd dvd wmv system requirements - windows 98se me 2000 xp; intel pentium iv; 64mb ram; directx 9.0 or higher; windows media player 7; windows media format sdk 9 global marketing partners 50.88|quark 119700 quarkxpress 6.5 mac the best creative communications software just got better. purchase quarkxpress 6.5 and save! the industry-leading software for design and layoutquarkxpress is powerful layout software with an intuitive versatile interface that lets you combine ... quark 736.99
0|microsoft licenses sps extrnlconnnonemplyenglands c (h3200034) microsoft sps external connector non emply english license and software assurance pack open license program level c 400 points microsoft licenses 101515.55|encore inc adventure workshop preschool-1st grade 8th edition introduce your child to an exciting on-screen learning environment brimming with award-winning adventures that will build essential skills while having fun. introduce your child to an exciting on-screen learning environment brimming with award-winni  17.1
0|pitstop pro 7.0 pitstop pro 7.0 enfocus software 699|software engineering with reusable components by j. sametinger 9783540626954 the book provides the reader with a clear understanding of what software reuse is where the problems are what benefits to expect the activities and different forms of software reuse. the reader is also given an overview of what sofware ...  92
0|kaplan sat/act/psat express kaplan has helped more than 3 million students score higher on admission exams and - get into the nation's top colleges and universities. our effective program of practice review and test-taking strategies has made higher score sat act psat the bestselling test prep software brand. kaplan is the nation's 1 test prep company for a reason-results! kaplan's powerful approach combines personalized instruction with realistic practice and score-raising strategies. with this in-depth program you'll unlock the tests and get the high score you need to get into the college you want. diagnose take a diagnostic exam to determine test strengths and weaknesses. target focus your prep and build skills with a personal study plan. practice practice practice and practice again with realistic exams and quizzes. improve build confidence and speed with kaplan's score-raising test strategies. disc 1: higher score on the sat & psat in-depth sat and psat content review drills strategies and practice tests designed to help raise your score: analysis of math critical reading & writing skills extensive math critical reading & writing tutorials printable vocabulary lists and flashcards games & activities to improve response times complete performance analysis by question type topic technique time spent-including whether or not you're changing correct answers to wrong ones! full-length new sat and psat tests section tests for critical reading math and writing disc 2: higher score on the act thorough act content review drills strategies and practice tests designed to help raise your score: broad content review in english math reading & science complete discussion & review of each question type section-length practice tests covering english math reading & science full-length practice tests for the act windows system requirements: processor type - intel pentium ii processor processor speed - 300mhz oper topics entertainment 9.99|business plan pro(r) 2004 business plan pro 2004 offers more than 400 sample plans so you never have to worry about writers block. just select one sample business plan to get you started. the easyplan wizard makes the software easy to use so you can be up and running in no ...  99.87
0|mcafee virusscan plus - 3 user you love cruising and using the internet. there are hackers out there ready to pounce on you and your computer - causing in all sorts of harm. mcafee 3-in-1 virusscan plus antivirus firewall antispyware pc protection 2008 software is necessary to safeguard your pc from viruses hackers and other culprits that want to harm it and you. it offers 1-year of protection constantly updated to keep your system's protection current. so cruise and use the web in comfort. be assured that you're protected by a leader in pc and internet security. stops viruses - automatically blocks cleans and removes viruses so you can surf the web safely and download files blocks spyware - blocks spyware before it installs on your computer and removes existing spyware so you can surf the web safely stops hackers. protects and conceals your computer from hackers always on and working in the background providing updates for 1 year after installation to your pc. 24/7 virus and threat protection from mcafee avert labs continuously monitors worldwide virus activities and provides immediate anti-virus protection and removal solutions daily updates are installed automatically. when a new version of mcafee is available you get it automatically at no charge during your subscription ensuring that you always have up-to-date protection - for up to 1-year (renewable) mcafee systemguards watches your computer for specific behaviors that may signal virus spyware or hacker activity siteadvisor adds safety ratings to sites and search engine results based on comprehensive spam adware and online scam safety tests stealth mode can hide your presence on the internet making your computer invisible to hackers mcafee securitycenter makes it simple to review your computer's security status check for updates and fix potential security issues mcafee 59.99|microsoft academic microsoft visio 2003 professional create business and technical charts and graphics that capture your inspiration and communicate it with impact.  159
0|hoyle casino (2007) hoyle casino the best-selling casino game of all time offers excitement and challenge with over 500 variations of 16 of the most popular casino games.play your favorite casino games including: online texas hold 'em baccarat blackjack caribbean stud poker craps fortune pai-gow poker four card poker horse racing keno let it ride pai gow poker roulette royal match 21&trade; slots video poker three card poker video blackjack solitaire spades set in a realistic vegas environment hoyle casino combines nonstop entertainment endless replayability attention to rules and a simple interface making it a sure winner with novice and expert computer users alike. encore 19.99|microsoft(r) money 2007 premium microsoft money 2007 premium includes everything in microsoft money 2007 deluxe plus a suite of tools that help you plan and achieve long-term financial goals optimize investments and make tax-smart investment decisions. whether you are upgrading ...  69.99
0|pc vegas dvd sony media software vegas 6 + dvd sony pictures home entertainment 899.99|sonicwall 01-ssc-6997 3yr snwl client/server anti-virus 1000u sonicwall client/server anti-virus suite - subscription license ( 3 years ) - 1000 users 0758479069973 sonicwall 01-ssc-6997 3yr snwl client/server anti-virus 1000u sonicwall client/server anti-virus suite - subscription license ( 3 years ) - 1000 users 0758479069973  58683.36
0|sony vegas movie studio + dvd 8 platinum edition vegas movie studio+dvd platinum software offers everything you get with the standard version such as easy drag-and-drop video editing integrated dvd layout and burning and show me how interactive tutorials. in addition platinum edition provides added features advanced editing tools bonus video effects and comprehensive training to speed you through even the most complex movie projects--from fullscreen dv to widescreen hdv. video editing and dvd creation software vegas movie studio platinum edition software provides the power features and advanced tools you need to edit video in nearly any format including hdv and sony avchd. it includes hundreds of built-in video and audio effects as well as integrated tools for professional-level compositing color correction and 5.1 surround mixing. with this software and your creative spark there are no limits to what you can produce. it's your vision your way. professional-level video editing produce high-quality movies corporate videos wedding dvds and more edit video in nearly any format including dv hdv and sony avchd interactive show me how tutorials actually show you what to do edit video in the newest hd formats including sony avchd drag and drop to add effects transitions music and more share your movies on dvd psp on the web and more create stunning hd movies everything you need to produce movies in spectacular high-definition high-performance engine--see your changes happen in real time export your movie in a variety of hd formats including wmv avi and mpeg advanced video and audio editing tools enhance washed-out footage or make specific colors stand out and balance differences in video balance differences in video due to camera setup or lighting 5.1-channel surround sound mixing and encoding. surround sound mixing and encoding import multichannel (5.1) source files from camcorders including sony dvd and avchd handycam models use the surround sound mixing and panning tools to create surround dvd soundtracks encode ac-3 stereo or 5.1 mixes with the included dolby digital ac-3 encoding software integrated dvd creation includes dvd architect studio software for dvd authoring create custom menus buttons backgrounds and navigation includes 44 high-quality dvd themes sony media 129.95|ron carter herbie hancock billy cobham view video herbie hancock trio - hurricane! dazzling pyrotechnics and stellar musicianship from herbie hancock on piano ron carter on bass and billy cobham on drums. live from switzerland this state-of-the-art 7-camera production includes ?eye of the hurricane ? ?willow weep fo  14.86
0|mac os x server v10.4.7 10-client mac os x server offers more than 200 new features for the advanced server user. it has everything you need to provide standards-based workgroups and internet services plus builds of the latest open source projects. enable secure and efficient collaboration. host dynamic websites stream media and run enterprise applications. the stable high-performance 64-bit computing platform is ideal for deploying server-based applications and services. apple has embraced the best open source projects such as apache samba openldap kerberos postfix jabber and spamassassin. mac os x server integrates these robust technologies and enhances them with a unified consistent management interface. best of all it's streamlined into simple management tasks with applications and utilities that are both powerful and easy to use. all the advanced features an experienced it professional needs are right here. configure multiple network interfaces into a single one using ieee 802.3ad set up complex network services using a single connection to the interne protect mail server clients from viruses and unwanted email with adaptive junk mail filtering and virus detection apple 499|adobe photoshop cs3 (mac os x v.10.4.8) create powerful images with the professional standardadobe photoshop cs3 software accelerates your path from imagination to imagery. ideal for photographers graphic designers and web designers the professional standard delivers new features ...  649
0|ibm viavoice advanced v.10  nuance communications inc. 0|yamaha the hits of elton john the all music guide calls elton john ?the single most successful pop artist of the '70s.? certainly since then this prolific artist hasn't rested on his laurels. this wonderful collection features 13 big hits that span his three-decade  25.77
0|autocad 2007 courseware customizing the interface autocad 2007 courseware customizing the interface autodesk psg 47.95|anytime(tm) organizer 11 increase your productivity at home or the office with anytime(tm) organizer 11 a powerful software jam-packed with organizational features aimed at making the most of your time. take advantage of 250 types of calendars schedulers expense reports ...  29.99
0|adobe creative suite cs3 web premium upgrade [mac] note: this is the upgrade version of adobe creative suite 3 web premium. adobe creative suite 3 web premium upgrade software is a complete solution for creating interactive websites applications user interfaces presentations mobile device content and other digital experiences. get everything you need to prototype your project design assets build web experiences and efficiently maintain and update content. photoshop cs3 extended for specialized image editing illustrator cs3 for vector graphics creation flash cs3 professional for interactive design dreamweaver cs3 for web design and development acrobat 8 professional for adobe pdf workflows build your prototype with adobe fireworks cs3 redefine the extraordinary in web design and development get the essential tools finally all your favorite tools are in one solution. design core assets and build your prototype with adobe photoshop cs3 extended adobe illustrator cs3 and adobe fireworks cs3 software. then bring your project to life with adobe dreamweaver cs3 and adobe flash cs3 professional the industry-leading web design and development tools. use adobe acrobat 8 professional software to quickly share design ideas and collect feedback from colleagues and clients and easily maintain the final project with adobe contribute cs3. creative suite 3 web premium is everything you need all in one place. discover intelligent integration return to your creative roots with intelligent integration that allows you to forget the tools and focus on the project. import files directly from illustrator cs3 to flash cs3 or cut and paste files from photoshop cs3 into dreamweaver cs3. take advantage of improved css workflow between dreamweaver and fireworks and improved rendering compatibility between dreamweaver and contribute. organize your assets with adobe bridge cs3 and coordinate your team with adobe version cue cs3. enjoy the latest workflows never before have there been so many opportunities for designers and developers to refine their current skill set while expanding into exciting new techniques and technologies. immerse yourself in online video creation with sophisticated web video tools. follow best practices with new css tools. explore the possibilities in mobile content authoring. expand into development with the spry framework for ajax and new flash actionscript 3.0 language. with creative suite 3 web premium the future is yours. visually manage assets in adobe bridge test mobile designs in adobe device central coordinate with team members using adobe version cue host real-time web-based meetings with adobe acrobat connect top new features of adobe creative suite 3 web premium powerful integration fluidly move assets across adobe photoshop cs3 extended adobe illustrator cs3 adobe flash cs3 professional adobe dreamweaver cs3 and adobe fireworks cs3 software. use adobe version cue cs3 adobe bridge cs3 and adobe stock photos to manage assets. prepare content for mobile devices with adobe device central cs3. more expressive interactive design explore new dimensions in digital design with new features in flash cs3 such as the pen tool shape primitives new filter effects and advanced video support. all these come alongside renowned interactive video animation and graphics capability plus high-quality text rendering. unrivaled image editing power perfect your images with new capabilities in adobe photoshop cs3 extended designed specifically for web professionals including features such as 3d editing animation support a new timeline and more. powerful flexible graphic design create editable and scalable vector artwork for web mobile and interactive design. adobe illustrator cs3 now features improved drawing performance and tools to help you apply and experiment with color. rapid prototyping use fireworks cs3 to rapidly prototype web designs. leverage a common library of prebuilt graphic symbols with customizable properties. move designs to flash cs3 professional and dreamweaver cs3 or leverage an extensible api to integrate with adobe flex software. emerging technologies prepare for the next generation of web technology while applying best practices. develop dynamic user interfaces with css and ajax add flash video and incorporate new standards-based user elements. mobile content authoring use adobe device central cs3 to design develop preview and test content for a wide range of mobile and consumer devices. easily show your work in numerous mobile device skins through built-in and regularly updated device profiles. browser and platform compatibility ensure your experience is consistent across operating systems browsers and platforms using the new browser compatibility check in dreamweaver cs3 and the adobe css advisor website an invaluable source of user-contributed solutions to css issues. macintosh or windows pick your platform. adobe creative suite 3 web premium software is available for mac os--including intel based macintosh computers--windows xp and windows vista. design in your preferred platform and then deliver across platforms with consistent results. easy web maintenance free yourself from simple web edits. with contribute cs3 enable individuals or workgroups to quickly and easily edit and publish content to websites and blogs from a controlled permissions-based application or from within microsoft applications. additional features best of the best get the newest versions of the award-winning tools integrated workflows and valuable utilities used to prototype design develop and maintain websites applications interactive experiences and mobile device content. flash video create and edit streaming and progressive flash video--and deploy progressive flash video--with comprehensive video support including a standalone video encoder alpha channel support a high-quality video codec embedded cue points video import support quicktime import closed-captioning and more. engaging interactivity incorporate rich interactivity into your projects. whether it's ajax interactivity in web page elements streaming interactive broadcasts or an interactive multi-user collaboration application adobe creative suite 3 web premium software has everything you need to draft and deploy your interactive vision on the web. latest technologies and standards keep pace with evolving technologies and standards. design with html and css; integrate with development technologies like xhtml xml adobe coldfusion asp asp.net jsp and php; test content across browsers and operating systems; and prepare for the new internet protocol version 6 (ipv6). actionscript 3.0 development go farther with actionscript 3.0 the high-performance object-oriented programming language for adobe flash player. explore a whole new world of customization using the rich language api libraries and expansive community support services. best practices easily apply best practices of web design and development. create consistent css-based designs with css layout and visualization tools. drag and drop an xml feed onto a web page. use the industry's first integrated tool for section 508 and wcag priority 2 checkpoints. reliability and innovation whether you're adding interactive video migrating to css conforming to accessibility regulations preparing for ipv6 conversion or experimenting with mobile content creative suite 3 web premium lets you work well today and grow for tomorrow. adobe creative suite 3: what's in each edition? adobe creative suite 3 editions design premium design standard web premium web standard production premium master collection adobe photoshop cs3 extended adobe photoshop cs3 adobe illustrator cs3 adobe indesign cs3 adobe acrobat 8 professional adobe flash cs3 professional adobe dreamweaver cs3 adobe contribute cs3 adobe fireworks cs3 adobe after effects cs3 professional adobe premiere pro cs3 adobe soundbooth cs3 adobe encore cs3 adobe onlocation * adobe ultra cs3 * additional features and services in adobe creative suite 3 adobe bridge cs3 adobe version cue cs3 adobe device central cs3 adobe dynamic link adobe stock photos adobe acrobat connect * adobe ultra runs on microsoft windows only. for macintosh users adobe onlocation requires bootcamp and windows (purchased separately) or a separate windows-based computer. adobe 499|essential business tools 2.0 everything you need to start and run a company. from launch - business plans start-up financing business structures and 25000 business cards. to everyday success - 500+ business forms and letters managing finances human resources accounting ...  9.95
0|adobe encore dvd 2.0 adobe encoredvd 2.0 reflects your best work on the very best dvds. packed with a rich set of creative tools you'll design and produce striking dvd titles for film business training and special events. its unmatched photoshop integration and intelligent workflow make encoredvd 2.0 the right choice for easy production of full-featured menu-driven dvds. add chapter points to let viewers skip content at certain intervals pick whip for convenient setting assignment use the library panel to organize text layers vector shapes background layers layer sets buttons images and menu templates slide show transitions with audio and panning & zooming effects type and format subtitles directly over video or import & format a scrpt containing multiple subtitles total menu control - specify the number of times a menu should loop or set it to time out & navigate to another part of the disc create your own dvd menu routing for arrow keys or a remote control add up to 99 separate timelines each with up to 99 chapter points 8 audio streams and 32 subtitle streams layers panel lets users access all layers of an imported photoshop panel external video monitor preview automatic conversion of mpeg-2 video and dolby digital audio; manually adjust settings to optimize dvd compression integrates with adobe after effects and premiere pro closed-captioning support support for dual layer discs adobe 349|lock on - modern air combat feel the power of commanding a modern jet fighter! filled with intense campaigns realistic flight modeling and flexible game options lock on will provide unlimited game play action to both novice and veteran flight sim fans. includes 20 single ...  7.49
0|vcomm system suite professional 7 systemsuite professional 7 is a comprehensive collection of essential pc utilities designed to maintain and protect your pc to keep it running just like the day you bought it. with systemsuite you can improve system performance protect your system against spyware viruses and from hackers diagnose computer problems recover lost data protect against email spam and much much more! systemexplorer scans your system and provides a complete list of system statistics hard disk failure early warning system notifies you when your smart-compatible hard drive is having trouble before your data is toast system monitors keep an eye on your system resources and warns you when monitored resources reach critical levels errortracker logs all windows error messages to assist in troubleshooting system problems avanquest 49.95|aquaminds notetaker content creation and editing tools multi-level outline processor w/custom ruler controls (single entry or multi-line capability) multi-level reorganizing controls (by entry level outline level page level and section level) rich text editing (font ...  62.99
0|adobe premiere pro 2.0 adobe premiere pro 2.0 software sets new standards for digital filmmaking so you can make every frame count. providing the tightest integration with adobe after effects and adobe photoshop and native support for hdv sd and hd adobe premiere pro effortlessly fits into high-end effects and editing work flows. its rich set of advanced editing and effects tools ensures that you can produce whatever you imagine and new time- and space-saving features help make you more productive. if you work in post services in-house post production videography or multimedia services adobe premiere pro 2.0 delivers a rich feature set that enables you to tell your stories with the highest possible production values. edit multiple-camera shoots quickly and easily with premiere pro 2.0. view multiple video tracks from a multicam shoot and edit by switching between tracks in real time. expedite reviews with adobe clip notes. embed video into a pdf file e-mail the file to your client to review with timecode-specific comments and then view comments mapped to the timeline. create high-quality menu-driven dvds directly from the adobe premiere pro timeline. make full-resolution interactive dvds for digital dailies test discs or final delivery. browse organize and preview content files and then drag and drop what you need from adobe bridge. search by or edit xmp metadata such as keywords language and format. take a tour of adobe premiere pro 2.0. edit everything with confidence with adobe premiere pro 2.0 you're ready for editing no matter how demanding the project. hd sd hdv and dv -- every major standard and high-definition video format (including dv digital betacam hdv hdcam and d5) is within your reach with no compromise on quality features or performance. that means you're free to work with whatever media best meets your requirements in terms of budget creative expectations and intended delivery medium. using native support for the aja xena hs card for real-time hd encoding premiere pro 2.0 captures from and lays off to any hd-sdi vtr or device. with six channels of aes and embedded audio i/o plus full-resolution sd and hd playback premiere pro 2.0 and aja xena hs combine to provide a complete full-featured capture and delivery solution for all hd and sd formats. whether capturing from or laying back to digi-beta or d5 premiere pro 2.0 and the aja xena hs card are the perfect combination to accommodate diverse post-production work flows. putting hd resolution within reach of even the most modest budget hdv has rapidly become a popular acquisition format. with premiere pro 2.0 you now have a full-featured editing environment for hdv with support for logging batch capture trimming and editing in native hdv format so there is no conversion or quality loss. plus premiere pro 2.0 supports the most popular hdv-format cameras and vtrs including the most popular sony and jvc models. premiere pro 2.0 also streamlines the process of encoding video and audio for your macromedia flash projects with new flash video (flv) export. this allows you to create compact vector-based swf animations that include sophisticated text animations and shape morphing. expanding your creativity premiere pro 2.0 delivers a comprehensive and powerful set of professional editing tools including new support for multi-cam editing enhanced color support and gpu-accelerated rendering. this leading application also opens a whole new level of professional production by supporting the editing of multiple-camera shoots. the new quad-view monitor provides simultaneous display of up to four synchronized source tracks plus a real-time preview of the switched output. drop into record mode and you'll be able to switch between source tracks in real time to create a sequence containing the edited footage from each of the cameras. making adjustments is easy. simply record the desired changes and premiere pro 2.0 updates your edited sequence automatically. the clips can then be edited as usual with any effects titles and other tools available in premiere pro 2.0. premiere pro 2.0 introduces numerous enhancements to ensure that color in your video productions is as true to life as possible. for starters premiere pro 2.0 provides new color correction tools that are optimized for different tasks such as luma correction and limiting. for fine adjustments the three-way color corrector provides precise control over shadows midtones and highlights. use primary and secondary color correction tools to match shots change colors correct exposure errors and modify highlights midtones and shadows across clips sequences or entire projects. whether working with 8-bit 10-bit or 16-bit source material the powerful new color correction tools process your changes at 32-bit resolution for maximum color fidelity. workflow integration and support premiere pro 2.0 offers excellent integration with your high-end work flows. film and video may be in different formats but they needn't exist in different dimensions. built-in conversion capabilities help bridge the two worlds by providing optional feet + frames timecode display (in addition to video smpte) for captured footage. if you originate on or deliver to 16mm or 35mm film premiere pro 2.0 lets you choose whichever time reference system makes editing and conforming easiest for you. with an open architecture premiere pro 2.0 easily provides support for new formats and hardware as they become available. choose from a wide range of capture cards and other hardware today to build the hd sd and dv editing system that meets your needs and budget. if you're familiar with other adobe products working with premiere pro 2.0 will be a breeze. the software features panels that dock and group work with a redesigned user interface that's fully customizable. tools palettes and menus are familiar and consistent with those in other adobe video applications and keyboard shortcuts remain fully customizable. arrange everything you need using workspace panels that dock and group within the main application window saving valuable screen space and eliminating the need to constantly reposition and resize multiple windows and palettes one by one. the audio capabilities in premiere pro 2.0 -- unequaled by any other video editor -- now allow you to apply multiple effects to audio clips or tracks. adobe premiere pro even includes a set of vst-format plug-ins that will get you started on audio enhancement right out of the box. deliver with ultimate confidence now that it's done where can you play it? with premiere pro 2.0 the answer is everywhere. whether your delivery target is the web dvd tape film or digital cinema adobe premiere pro 2.0 helps you leverage your editing investment across more playback platforms. plus workflow innovations such as automated review and approval facilitate and streamline everyday tasks to keep your projects on the fast track without keeping you from your core mission. adobe premiere pro 2.0 also makes it easy to send both media and metadata to other video film and audio applications making it more efficient to take a single project in multiple directions. and finally getting fast to-the-point feedback from clients is a crucial part of any successful production. adobe clip notes streamlines the process with an elegant solution based on two easy accessible technologies: email and the adobe pdf file format. a sequence can be exported as a pdf file with embedded or streamed video in either windows media or quicktime. the file is then sent to the reviewer who plays it back with adobe acrobat or adobe reader software. whenever the reviewer pauses the video the current timecode is automatically entered into the comment box. remarks can be entered at the exact point at which the video is paused. when the file containing these remarks is sent back and imported into the sequence the comments appear as clip markers at the appropriate timecode locations in the timeline. adobe clip notes facilitates collaboration expedites the review and approval process and takes the pain out of keeping everyone in the loop. adobe 849|freeverse software 006 active lancer join lancer squad an elite team of flight capable soldiers on their current mission to defeat the diabolical war machine of an alien army bent on taking over the universe. join lancer squad an elite team of flight capable soldiers on their ... freeverse software 18.99
0|simply put software gotta sing ( windows/macintosh ) gotta sing offers professional voice lessons that are guaranteed to improve your singing voice. it's the perfect tool for professional singing instruction simply put software 0|namco 15022 moto gp psp - sony psp software namco 15022 moto gp psp - sony psp software ... namco 15022 moto gp psp - sony psp software ... sony psp software moto gp psp moto gp psp this is the first time the motogp championship has appeared on psp allowing fans to race against their biking ...  36.99
0|clickart 950 000 - premier image pack (dvd-rom)  broderbund 0|avery c32028 quick & clean business cards 220gsm glossy card for use with... design and print your own business cards simply add graphics and print from your desktop.smooth edges with no perforations for a high quality finish and no card curl after separation  21.22 gbp
0|hoyle board games find the best excitement and puzzle fun in this entertaining collection of games. complete with high score lists adjustable skill levels save and print word searches and crossword puzzles. simple installation to being playing immediately. includes hoyle rulebook and strategy guide for advanced insider information encore 9.99|allume checkit system performance suite system requirements intel or ppc based mac. (techtool platinum is universal binary) mac os x 10.3.9 or newer (10.4 required for techtool platinum 4.5.1 a disk image of 4.1.1 is included for 10.3.9 compatibility) dvd drive  84.99
0|adobe dreamweaver cs3 upgrade note: this is the upgrade version of adobe dreamweaver cs3. design develop and maintain websites and web applications--from start to finish--with adobe dreamweaver cs3 upgrade software. built for designers and developers dreamweaver cs3 offers both a visual layout interface and a streamlined coding environment. intelligent integration with related adobe software ensures an efficient workflow across your favorite tools. dreamweaver cs3 offers both a visual layout interface and a streamlined coding environment. easily set up css layouts such as the three-column layout with header and footer using the new document dialog box. the css layout-visualization feature helps you keep track of complex nesting schemes in your web pages. with dreamweaver cs3 you can easily copy and paste images from photoshop and fireworks and later edit them in the original software. adobe device central lets you preview how your web pages will look on mobile devices. the spry framework for ajax lets you add user interface components such as the expandable areas seen in the event information (open) and event directions (closed) regions here. create rich web content a higher standard in web design and development is emerging powered by dreamweaver cs3. create rich dynamic interfaces that tightly weave static structures together with responsive interactivity. use the new spry framework for ajax to develop energetic web experiences that will leave your competition standing still. in other words think deep dream big and then execute flawlessly with the most exciting web design and development tool we've ever devised. maximize efficiency accelerate your workflow with dreamweaver cs3 a faster smoother version of the preferred web design and development tool. drop in flv files add images from adobe photoshop and test your content for mobile devices. create visually or code directly work on your choice of macintosh or windows and enjoy the benefits of intelligent integration with other adobe tools. apply best practices dreamweaver cs3 makes it easy to apply best practices and accepted standards to ensure your websites and applications play well with others. build css-based websites from the ground up with new css layouts the unified css panel and css visualization and management tools. ensure more reliable and consistent performance with the new browser compatibility check. instantly preview your content for pcs mobile devices and print and find fast solutions to browser-specific css issues with the new css advisor website. audience benefit web designers--discover an exceptional web design workflow with adobe dreamweaver cs3 software. design and maintain websites from start to finish with your choice of either a powerful visual design interface or an efficient coding environment. streamline design with helpful css features; preview your pages for pcs mobile devices and print; and easily test pages for browser compatibility. enjoy tight integration with adobe photoshop cs3 flash cs3 professional fireworks cs3 and other adobe tools. web developers--develop more reliable consistent web applications based on universally accepted development standards with adobe dreamweaver cs3. take advantage of support for leading web development technologies including php adobe coldfusion and ajax for both internal and external projects. ensure consistency with helpful css features and automated cross-browser compatibility testing. comments embedded in the code offer tips about how to work with css. top reasons to buy adobe dreamweaver cs3 industry-leading tool take advantage of all the flexibility and power of a world-class web design tool. manipulate pixel-perfect designs in design view craft complex code in code view or do a little of each. work the way you work best. integrated workflows design develop and maintain content within dreamweaver cs3 while taking advantage of intelligent integration with other adobe tools including adobe flash cs3 professional adobe fireworks cs3 adobe photoshop cs3 adobe contribute cs3 and new adobe device central cs3 for creating mobile device content. complete css support discover the advantage of visual css tools that make it easy to view edit and move styles within and between files as well as see how your changes will affect the design. accelerate your workflow with new css layouts and test your design with the new browser compatibility check. integrated coding environment organize and accelerate your coding with code collapse color coding line numbering and a coding toolbar with comment/uncomment and code snippets. apply code hints for html and server languages. support for leading technologies take advantage of support for leading web development technologies including html xhtml css xml javascript ajax php adobe coldfusion asp asp.net and jsp. effortless xml quickly integrate xml content using either xsl or the spry framework for ajax. point to an xml file or xml feed url and dreamweaver cs3 will display its contents enabling you to drag and drop appropriate fields onto your page. adobe flash video support easily add flash video to your web pages in just five clicks with no knowledge of flash required. customize the video environment to match your website. learning resources learn as you go with comprehensive in-product tutorials reference content and instructional templates that make it easy to expand your skill set and adopt the latest technologies. extended dreamweaver community enjoy all the benefits of the extensive dreamweaver community including the online adobe design center and adobe developer center training and seminars developer certification programs user forums and more than 1 000 downloadable extensions available in the dreamweaver exchange. cross-platform support pick your platform: dreamweaver cs3 is available for intel or powerpc based macintosh computers as well as for windows xp and windows vista systems. design in your preferred platform and then deliver across platforms with more reliable consistent and high-performance results. browser compatibility check identifies css-related issues in different operating systems. additional features browser compatibility check save time and ensure a more consistent experience across browsers and operating systems with the new browser compatibility check. generate reports that identify css-related issues in a variety of browsers without needing to launch the browsers. css management easily move css code from inline to head from head to external sheet from document to document or between external sheets. cleaning up existing css in older pages has never been easier. css layouts easily incorporate css into your project with the new css layouts. extensive comments in each template explain the layout so beginning and intermediate designers can learn quickly. each template can be customized for your project. spry data integrate data into web pages using xml from an rss feed or a database. integrated data can be easily sorted and filtered. spry widgets easily add common interface components such as lists tables tabs form validation and repeatable regions to web pages with widgets from the spry framework for ajax. spry effects easily add visual transitions to page elements to make them grow shrink fade highlight and more with the spry effects for ajax. adobe 199|aspyr the sims complete collection system requirements: operating system: mac os x 10.3.9 or later cpu processor: powerpc g3 or later cpu speed: 500mhz or faster memory: 256 mb or higher hard disk space: 3.5 gb free disk space video memory (vram): 4 mb or higher media required: dvd ...  47.99
0|insight pwr mgr no media 1ltu information technology professionals rely on hp quality to ensure maximum productivity. as the power of applications processors memory adapters and storage devices increases high-end computer users are seeking ways to optimize their system performance. hp provides leading solutions adding new levels of performance availability flexibility and management. hewlett packard 0|emc auth mgr mnt base 9x5 22m per/u 3505-5000 u - aut0005000bs22   18
0|chessmaster 9000 (mac) chessmaster 9000 places you where you must master one of history's great challenges -- the age-old game of chess! this new & improved chess engine features 150 different opponents from beginner to grandmaster level. speed up the action in speed chess mode you are invited to test your brain by mastering history's greatest game! feral interactive 39.99|corel intervideo windvd 8 gold software for windows authoring software windvd 8 gold software for windows the windvd 8 gold software for windows from corel intervideo is a dvd video playback application for windows. the software leverages computer technologies such as dual-core processors and nvidia pure video graphics ...  49.95
0|quickverse mac bible study 2007 white box quickverse mac white edition is the tool for the serious bible scholar who wants to learn the truth behind the bible! you'll have access to a wide variety of reference materials -- multiple bibles dictonaries commentaries and encyclopedia all waiting for your use. quickverse has been optimized for use on the mac offering all the great functionality that its user expect on a whole new system -- for the very first time! view the holy land in over 2 000 brilliant high-resolution color photos -- and 50 detailed maps versefinder is the fastest way to any book chapter or verse combination across your entire library custom citation formatting with bible translation references and publisher information interactive study workbooks - read answer and print your results without ever leaving quickverse color code your favorite passages by topic or subject; choose from 8 colors strong's concordance with greek and hebrew dictionary links every word in the bible back to its original greek and hebrew root scroll in one window pane and the others follow automatically -- over 250 000 predefined hyperlinks between books and media bookmark your favorite positions in any book & add categories and notes for instant recall hear those difficult biblical references - over 6 500 audio words are simply a click away findex 59.95|bb117ac hp storageworks data protector express backup server - product upgrade package - hp bb117ac : usually ships in 24 hours : : hp storageworks data protector express is easy to install easy to use and easy to manage backup and recovery software suitable for organizations without dedicated it or disaster recovery staff.  459.3
0|calendar creator 10 calendar creator 10 is the perfect tool for the artistic types who want to keep track of their busy schedules! this collection of home calendar creation tools makes it possible to remember every important date and appointment. broderbund 29.99|encore software 10443 - elementary school advantage 2007 - win 98 me 2000 xp encore software 10443 : elementary school advantage? 2007 delivers the most award-winning content aligned with classroom curriculum. get the best results with over 1000 lessons and exercises in the core subjects. system requirements: windows 98se/me ...  26.97
0|instant immersion american sign language win/mac instant immersion asl teaches beginners american sign language -- quickly and easily! topics entertainment 9.99|24p8231 ibm fastt flashcopy option - w/ volumecopy - license - 1 server ibm 24p8231 : usually ships in 24 hours : : ibm fastt flashcopy option lets you create a volume that is a point in time image of another volume.  18097.05
0|miraizon cinematize 2 (mac) cinematize 2 - miraizon miraizon 69.99|c6q-00002 microsoft digital image suite plus - complete package - 1 pc - cd-rom (mini box) microsoft c6q-00002 : usually ships in 24 hours : in stock : get powerful digital photography tools and perfect your shots - whether you're a beginner or a pro.  93.33
0|equilibrium debabelizer pro 6.0 - 1 user debabelizer pro 6 provides you with the image editing tools for better image processing. its optimization tools provide full palette control and image optimization for single and multi-frame images for individual images or batches. convert over 100 different file formats including many hard to find legacy formats. the automated workflow tools make it easier than ever to manage and control your media. enhanced gif and jpeg compression powerful conditional scripting cmyk support equilibrium 599.99|92722 tun plus 2006 - competitive upgrade license and media - 1 user - win esker software 92722 : usually ships in 24 hours : : a unique approach to host access and host access management enables unparalleled breadth of connectivity - along with multilingual support.  166.15
0|adobe photoshop cs3 extended upgrade [mac] note: this is the upgrade version of adobe photoshop cs3 extended. ideal for film video and multimedia professionals and graphic and web designers using 3d and motion as well as professionals in engineering and science adobe photoshop cs3 extended upgrade software delivers everything in photoshop cs3 and more. render and incorporate 3d images into your 2d composites. stop time with easy editing of motion graphics on video layers. and probe your images with measurement analysis and visualization tools. the professional standard now comes in two versions& 151;photoshop cs3 and photoshop cs3 extended with additional features and enhancements for specialized image professionals. the clone stamp and healing brush tools now feature an overlay preview of the source areas. the loupe tool in adobe bridge cs3 lets you easily zoom into the fine detail of any image. zoomify export allows you to efficiently display even the highest resolution imagery over low bandwidth web connections. edit 3d and motion-based images adobe photoshop cs3 extended includes key new capabilities that let you incorporate 3d and motion-based content into your image editing workflow. now you can render 3d content into your 2d composites edit existing textures on 3d models and embed your edited models into adobe pdf files for easy collaboration with colleagues. plus you can animate video frames paint and clone over multiple video frames and import and export video files in a wide range of formats. analyze images with precision photoshop cs3 extended helps professionals in manufacturing medicine architecture engineering and scientific research gain more insight from images. measurement and counting tools enable analysis of 2d and 3d images. matlab users can pull image data from photoshop extended into matlab and visualize results of matlab algorithms back in the software. and medical professionals can correct annotate and analyze dicom files. adobe bridge for photoshop cs3 extended features faster performance the filters panel to quickly narrow your view the new loupe tool for close-up inspection of any image and much more. photoshop cs3 extended enables you to open native 3d file formats manipulate the models in 3d space open and edit textures applied to the models and then easily composite the results with 2d images. new features for motion graphics professionals in photoshop cs3 extended include cloning and healing over time with the help of the new clone source palette and preview overlays the enhanced animation palette for time-based editing and native video layers in color depths from 8- to 32-bit. brushes layers and selections are just three of the core editing features now available for 32-bit hdr images exclusively in photoshop cs3 extended. work more productively with improved performance throughout the editing workflow photoshop cs3 extended helps you work more productively--even when editing the most specialized images. experience native performance on both intel and powerpc based macs and on microsoft windows vista systems. maximize your workspace with a streamlined interface process raw images with increased speed and quality and manage assets more efficiently in the revamped adobe bridge cs3. composite and edit with unrivaled power leverage the power of the industry standard for the utmost creative control in image editing and compositing. now you can apply filters nondestructively manage and correct color more easily convert color images to rich black-and-white with one click and retouch images with more powerful cloning and healing tools. plus you can enjoy advanced compositing with breakthrough tools for aligning and blending layers automatically and making image selections with one brush stroke. product highlights experience smooth handling of 3d and motion-based content. gain deeper insights from your images with new measurement and analysis tools. boost your productivity with a streamlined interface enhancements to raw-image processing and asset management workflows and more. achieve your vision with unrivaled power to edit composite and experiment. audience benefit film video and multimedia professionals and graphic and web designers using 3d and motion--with adobe photoshop cs3 extended software you can now leverage the power of the photoshop image-editing toolset and paint engine when editing 3d and motion-based content for film video the web and mobile devices. manufacturing and design engineers--with adobe photoshop cs3 extended software you can easily import rotate and create different rendering modes and edit existing textures on 3d models to enhance 3d content or create compelling composites of 2d and 3d content. medical professionals--adobe photoshop cs3 extended software helps you improve patient care with powerful tools for documenting and analyzing treatment and visualizing potential outcomes. architects and engineers--adobe photoshop cs3 extended software helps you communicate your vision clearly and make an impact with all of your drawings and designs. scientific researchers--adobe photoshop cs3 extended software delivers new tools for analyzing and extracting data from images and offers powerful presentation capabilities to help you communicate your discoveries. students and educators--with features designed for professionals in video and motion graphics production manufacturing medicine architecture engineering and scientific research adobe photoshop cs3 extended software is a key new tool for students pursuing careers in these fields and for their instructors. product overview get everything in adobe photoshop cs3 software and more with photoshop cs3 extended which enables you to edit 3d and motion-based content and perform image analysis. edit 3d and motion-based images 3d image editing 3d compositing and texture editing easily render and incorporate rich 3d content into your 2d composites--even edit textures on 3d models directly within photoshop extended and immediately see the results. photoshop extended supports common 3d interchange formats including 3ds obj u3d kmz and collada so you can import view and interact with most 3d models. integration with adobe acrobat 8 software create modify and collaborate on 3d content more easily through tight integration between photoshop cs3 extended and acrobat 3d software. convert myriad 3d cad formats to the robust u3d interchange format enhance models and create composites with photoshop extended and easily embed 3d models created in photoshop extended into pdf files to distribute for review. enhanced vanishing point with 3d support edit in perspective on multiple surfaces--even those connected at angles other than 90 degrees--with the enhanced vanishing point which also lets you measure in perspective; wrap graphics images and text around multiple planes; and output 2d planes as 3d models. video and animation design movie paint enhance video directly within photoshop extended. now you can paint add text and clone over multiple frames of an imported video sequence. smooth animation workflow easily create animations from a series of still images or video frames with a new animation palette that enables onion skinning. broad video format support including quicktime import quicktime movies and most avi and mpeg files and output video and animations to mov avi mpeg-4 flv 3g flc h.264 (ipod) and dv stream. video layers create and edit images for video with maximum quality and a broader range of color models. edit and enhance grayscale rgb cmyk and lab models at 8- 16- and 32-bit depths with color management. analyze images with precision measurement counting and edit-tracking tools 2d and 3d measurement tools extract quantitative information from images with new measurement tools. easily calibrate or set the scale of an image and then use any of the photoshop extended selection tools to define and calculate distance perimeter area and other measurements. record data points in a measurement log and export data including histogram data to a spreadsheet for further analysis. scale marker show scale in images destined for presentation or publication using the scale marker which lets you easily add a scale graphic to any image. use the ruler and count tools to quickly tally image features and measure size and distance. open annotate remove identifying patient metadata prepare for analysis convert to jpeg for presentation and more with new native dicom file support in photoshop cs3 extended. count tool easily and accurately count objects or features in scientific images with the count tool which eliminates the need to perform manual calculations or rely on visual assessments of changes from image to image. history palette and edit history log undo and redo any set of editing steps in an open image with the history palette and automatically track all editing steps within your files with the edit history log. export steps to a text file or save them as part of image metadata for easier documentation of your work file audits and more. support for manufacturing medical and scientific workflows image stacks quickly combine a series of related images and render them into a single view using a wide variety of rendering options such as median and maximum. photoshop extended automatically analyzes and combines the images while preserving the originals. image stacks are extensible so third parties can write their own render modes. dicom support use the comprehensive photoshop extended toolset to import correct annotate analyze and create animations from dicom images. even automatically remove patient information from dicom metadata and batch save jpeg files for presentation purposes. matlab support pass image data directly between photoshop extended and matlab with the ability to call photoshop extended directly from the matlab command line. visualize results of matlab algorithms in the software and combine matlab processing with photoshop extended image editing to render test and refine algorithms for image processing analysis and more. work more productively efficient and flexible work environment streamlined interface and palette management maximize screen space for editing while keeping essential tools accessible. palettes are now arranged in convenient self-adjusting docks that can be widened to full size or narrowed to icons or even a thin self-revealing strip at the edge of your monitor. faster more flexible asset management with adobe bridge cs3 organize and manage images more efficiently with next-generation adobe bridge cs3 software which now delivers improved performance a filter panel for easier searching the ability to group multiple images under a single thumbnail the loupe tool offline image browsing and more. custom menus shortcuts and workspaces set up and save custom menus keyboard shortcuts and workspaces for quick access to what you need. streamlined workflow better raw-image processing process raw images with increased speed and superior conversion quality using the photoshop camera raw plug-in which now adds support for jpeg and tiff formats; new tools including fill light and dust busting; compatibility with adobe photoshop lightroom software; and support for over 150 camera models. enhanced pdf support work more easily with adobe pdf-based content. precisely control the size of pdf pages opened in photoshop extended; add security controls and metadata such as copyright and exposure details to images within pdf presentations; and create a richer image display in pdf presentations and documents. adobe photoshop lightroom jump from adobe photoshop lightroom software to photoshop cs3 extended in one click for advanced editing of your digital images. lightroom (sold separately) offers an efficient powerful way to import manage and present large volumes of digital images. improved printing experience experience better control over print quality with color management a larger print preview window and more controls in one place so you can print in fewer steps. improved printing controls co-developed by adobe and hp make printing easier and more predictable and streamline setup options via integration with select printers from hp epson and canon. presets make sophisticated color adjustments automatically with one-click presets in curves the channel mixer and the new black and white conversion dialog box. peak performance experience native performance on intel and powerpc based macintosh computers and on microsoft windows xp and windows vista systems. automated production automate common production tasks in a variety of ways. set up event-based scripts record a series of steps as an action for efficient batch processing and design repetitive graphics faster with variables. wide range of supported formats import and export an even greater range of file formats including psd bmp dicom cineon jpeg jpeg2000 openexr png targa and tiff. adobe device central cs3 visually emulate how your dynamic content will render on mobile devices using the built-in adobe device central cs3. zoomify export for high-resolution web display take advantage of adobe flash and zoomify technology to export high-resolution images to the web for viewing through adobe flash player software. flash player displays your images quickly and efficiently letting viewers zoom in on details with minimal delay. improved integration with other adobe tools enjoy better support for photoshop files in your other adobe software applications (sold separately). copy and paste photoshop files directly into adobe dreamweaver cs3 software projects import them into adobe flash cs3 professional software with high fidelity and preserve layer effects and video layers when you import them into adobe after effects cs3 professional software. third-party solutions and resources take advantage of a wealth of additional resources--including software plug-ins books and training--from the longstanding community of expert photoshop developers authors and trainers. auto-align layers can automatically connect a series of photos into a panorama (left). auto-blend layers can then seamlessly blend lighting and texture to complete the perfect composite image (right). composite and edit with unrivaled power maximize screen space for editing while keeping essential tools accessible. faster performance highest quality conversion and new lighting controls are some of the new hallmarks of camera raw in photoshop cs3. simple intuitive point-and-click monochrome conversion is yours with the new black and white adjustment. the new print interface in photoshop cs3 gathers all of the options you need in one easier-to-use dialog box. nondestructive editing smart filters add adjust and remove filters from an image without having to resave the image or start over to preserve quality. nondestructive smart filters allow you to visualize changes without altering original pixel data. smart objects perform nondestructive scaling rotating and warping of raster and vector graphics with smart objects. even preserve the editability of vector data from adobe illustrator software. professional color and tone control color-correction enhancements take advantage of precision color correction made faster and easier. brightness/contrast now provides better results from the same intuitive interface and enhanced curves controls let you make automatic adjustments with included presets or those you create; convert to black-and-white with point sliders; and use a histogram color channel lines and a clipping preview. black-and-white conversion easily convert color images to rich black-and-white and adjust tonal values and tints with a new tool. experiment with the included black-and-white presets or create and save your own custom presets to achieve the best results. improved channel mixer take advantage of new functionality and a host of presets that make the channel mixer easier to use for black-and-white conversion. enhanced 32-bit high dynamic range (hdr) support create and edit 32-bit images and combine multiple exposures into a single 32-bit image that preserves the full range of a scene--from the deepest shadows to the brightest highlights. new image-processing and alignment algorithms deliver superior results. and with photoshop cs3 extended you can even edit 32-bit images using brushes filters blending modes transformations selections tools aspect ratios and more. intelligent image editing and enhancement more powerful cloning and healing tools experience greater control when retouching images with cloning tools and the healing brush. clone images over time; see source pixels under your tool or brush for more precise positioning; preview changes to source content live; and set multiple source points scale and rotate in the new clone source palette. rich painting and drawing toolset create or modify images with a wide assortment of professional fully customizable paint settings artistic brushes and drawing tools. + = the faster route to perfect composites& 151;auto-align layers takes the effort out of perfectly lining up the contents of multiple layers while auto-blend layers completes the task of blending together the texture and lighting from many layers into one. easy compositing and selecting advanced compositing create more accurate composites by automatically aligning multiple photoshop layers or images based on similar content. the auto-align layers command quickly analyzes details and moves rotates or warps layers to align them perfectly and the auto-blend layers command blends the color and shading to create a smooth editable result. improved photomerge technology take advantage of refined photomerge technology which uses new layer-alignment and layer-blending capabilities to let you automatically stitch horizontal or vertical photos into seamless panoramas. quick selection and refine edge tools make selections in a snap. loosely draw on an image area and the quick selection tool automatically completes the selection for you. then preview and fine-tune your selections with the refine edge tool. flexible layers composite images text and effects on hundreds of layers for extraordinarily sophisticated results. organize layers with up to five levels of nesting and save them in different combinations as layer comps. which edition of photoshop cs3 is right for you? photoshop cs3 is available in two editions--photoshop cs3 and photoshop cs3 extended--to meet the diverse needs of professionals in a wide range of fields. adobe photoshop cs3 adobe photoshop cs3 extended builds on photoshop cs2 with dozens of improvements increased productivity with a streamlined interface camera raw enhancements next-generation adobe bridge cs3 and zoomify export unrivaled editing power with live filters more precise color correction easier black-and-white conversion and more powerful cloning and healing tools breakthrough compositing with automatic layer alignment and blending capabilities easier selections and improved photomerge technology 3d and motion support with the ability to edit 3d content and incorporate it into 2d compositions paint and clone over multiple video frames and more comprehensive image analysis with new image measurement and counting tools adobe 349|freeverse software 5003 bumpercar 2.0 mac web browser the mac os x web browser just for kids. offering unparalleled content-control & customization features bumpercar is the most powerful web browser for concerned educators & parents on the macintosh. keep your kids safe while they surf the net! ... freeverse software 28.99
0|monarch v9.0 1u . monarch v9.0 1u - datawatch 699|quark inc qrkxppsptversion7 ugdsingleuser mac/win 122217 quarkxpress passport version 7 upgrade single user mac/win quark inc 604.5
0|canopus 77010158100 let's edit canopus (770-10158-100) let's edit 2.0 canopus 99|the print shop(r) 22 the print shop 22 is like having your own creative agency at home! includes over 250000 images and graphics plus more than 18000 project templates. endless new images tools colors projects and artistic effects give you the power to create ...  29.99
0|h&r block taxcut 2006 premium federal + state + efile h&r block taxcut premium federal+state+e-file has everything you need in one comprehensive program for any tax situation from 1040ez to schedule c with the convenience of both federal and state programs together plus e-file included at no additional cost. adjusts to your own tax needs step-by-step interviews provide guidance customized to your unique needs so you can make the most of money-saving deductions. step-by-step guidance customized to your unique needs federal and state tax software in one purchase seamless integration find every feature and form from last year's deluxe and premium in just one program and let taxcut seamlessly import your data from last year's taxcut or turbotax as well as quicken and microsoft money. complimentary software and consultation also includes a free consultation with an h&r block tax professional online or by phone and a complimentary copy of willpower software with valuable estate planning guidance and legal documents. backed by professionals taxcut is the only do-it-yourself tax program backed by the experienced tax professionals at h&r block america's largest tax services company. h&r block taxcut: the ease you want. the accuracy you expect. guaranteed. estate planning empowerment includes complimentary copy of willpower software with valuable estate planning guidance and legal documents. interactive video library make sense of changing tax laws and achieve maximum deductions. extension interview included with any federal taxcut software purchase. kiplinger's tax and financial planning library make the most of your money with tax and financial information. irs publications view the most up-to-date irs publications. schedule c features extra help with depreciation business expenses and home deductions. investor assistance quickly determine the true cost basis for stocks bonds or mutual funds and tax consequences associated with company incentives and employee stock. additional tools for home owners assistance with mortgage deductions and capital gains tax liability when selling a home. why e-file? fast easy and accurate! it's easy! go paperless by using a self-generated personal identification number (or pin). if you owe money you can conveniently schedule an electronic funds withdrawal from your bank account or pay by credit card*. e-file today and pay on the 15th. it's fast! get your refund in only 10 days with direct deposit or within three weeks if a refund check is mailed to you. plus only electronic filing gives you guaranteed confirmation that the irs has received your return! it's accurate! did you know that all paper returns are retyped into irs computers? by e-filing your tax return your tax information is inputted directly reducing the chance of errors and mistakes. you know that what you submit is what the irs receives. join the more than 40 million taxpayers who e-filed their returns in 2001. let taxcut help you to make e-filing your taxes fast easy and accurate! worry-free audit support features irs correspondence management h&r block will assist with all communication that is initiated by the irs/state department of revenue(s) audit preparation h&r block will provide detailed information regarding how to prepare for an audit and extend an offer for an h&r block enrolled agent to represent you in the event an audit.* audit representation an h&r block enrolled agent guides you through what to expect during the audit attends the audit with you and helps you manage the entire audit experience. worry-free audit support rest easy knowing h&r block is there to help in the event of an audit. from outlining what to expect and providing guidance on how to prepare for an audit to having an h&r block enrolled agent represent you before the irs upon your request h&r block can help you manage the process. how it works: 1. successfully e-file* your individual resident income tax return (federal or state) using taxcut or taxcut online (with paid federal return) and you are eligible to receive audit support at no additional charge for your 2005 return. 2. retain your e-file confirmation email for worry-free audit support confirmation. 3. if you receive a notice from the irs or state department of revenue or are audited h&r block will provide you with assistance with the notice and/or offer to provide you with an h&r block enrolled agent to represent you if you are audited.* 4. call 1-800-hrblock to initiate audit services that you may need. conditions apply. view the complete terms and conditions for details. questions & answers: q. can i do my taxes by hand and then sign up for worry-free audit support? a. no. h&r block worry-free audit support is only offered for returns e-filed with an h&r block digital tax product. q. who will benefit using worry-free audit support? a. those clients who want no surprises after filing their taxes. it's a smart way to make sure you're covered no matter how complex your tax situation. the benefits of worry-free audit support will be invaluable in the event that you need representation because the irs questions your tax return. q. what is an enrolled agent? a. enrolled agents are tax professionals who have demonstrated special competence in tax matters and can represent taxpayers before the irs. enrolled agents do not provide legal representation signed power of attorney required. void where prohibited. q. what are the services offered with worry-free audit support? * enrolled agents do not provide legal representation signed power of attorney required. void where prohibited. h&r block 59.99|sony creative software vegas43;dvd v.7.0 complete product ecost.com: sony creative software vegas+dvd v.7.0 - complete product - multimedia - 1 user - complete productcomplete productstandard - pc from the graphics & development software department  420.55
0|microsoft student with encarta premium 2008 dvd microsoft student with encarta premium 2008 is a productivity suite of homework tools and trusted information designed to help students quickly and easily complete assignments in a variety of subjects and excel in school. microsoft student with encarta premium 2008 gives students a full set of tools to help them succeed and get homework done right the first time. make research entertaining. find information on just about any topic. thousands of articles photos sound clips and links to related information from trusted sources(2)-plus political climatic and topographical maps of the world-make discovering new information fun! equation solver. enter a problem into the equation solver and get step-by-step help on how to solve it. and with free online access to hotmath(3) students can quickly find their textbook and select the problem they're solving. they'll instantly receive step-by-step guidance on how to solve the problem and what the correct answer should be. microsoft student with encarta premium 2008 gives students a full set of tools to help them succeed and get homework done right the first time. full-featured graphing calculator a full-featured graphing calculator that's simple to learn and use (similar to those costing more than $100!) helps visualize and solve math and science problems. equation solver stuck on a math problem? input your own problems into the equation solver and get a quick answer and step-by-step help on how to solve it. triangle solver and equation library interact with a library of more than 100 equations and explore the relationships of triangles and their parts while viewing associated rules or graphs. learning essentials get past the blank page. learning essentials helps students achieve better grades. step-by-step writing tips and preformatted report and presentation templates give students a quick start in creating great-looking reports and presentations. foreign language help a full-featured dictionary helps translate and conjugate verbs in spanish french german and italian. learning essentials also unlocks tools in microsoft office that are specially designed for foreign language study providing templates and tools for completing assignments in spanish french and german. book summaries need to know more about that literary story? includes more than 1 000 book summaries that help students understand some of the most commonly studied literary works from middle school to college level. the easy all-in-one homework assistant that helps students excel in school. designed to be easy to use and simple to learn microsoft student with encarta premium 2008 makes learning fun. whether it's a math research or foreign language assignment students can find the right tools and information to get homework started quickly get fast answers to academic questions and complete assignments that can help earn higher grades. find trusted content when you need it. complete with encarta premium 2008 the 1 best-selling encyclopedia software brand(1) it's content you can trust. with editorially approved content students can use web links to more than 25 000 web sites preselected by encarta editors for relevant and age-appropriate research material(2). through multimedia content encarta premium 2008 provides engaging visual tools to help explore and discover historical events and places. it even includes encarta kids a separate encyclopedia geared to young learners ages 7 to 12! get questions answered fast. with time pressures to complete assignments it's frustrating to get stuck without knowing where to go for answers. whether they're stumped on a math science or a foreign language problem students can quickly get the answers they need. they also get helpful ideas on how to solve problems so the next time they're more likely to figure out the answer on their own! includes a full suite of homework tools to help students get homework done right the first time. foreign language tools help complete assignments in spanish french german and italian quickly grasp the plots and themes of commonly studied books. encarta premium 2008 students can fi nd the information they're looking for-quickly and easily-with encarta premium 2008. with trusted content that's accurate and up-to-date encarta has been the 1 best-selling encyclopedia software brand for the past 8 years!(1) you'll be amazed at how much time your student will spend researching-compelled by the sights and sounds of one fascinating presentation after another. students can easily-and quickly-access trusted information provided by world experts. and since they can automatically download updates from the encarta web site they'll have up-to-date and accurate reference software when they need it.(2) encarta premium 2008 comes complete with a wide range of reference tools including a dynamic atlas dictionary thesaurus and language translation dictionaries. microsoft math microsoft math features a large collection of tools tutorials and instructions designed to help students learn mathematical concepts while quickly solving math problems. in an instant they'll see how to solve problems-step by step! works for many grade levels-from basic math pre-algebra algebra (including logarithms and exponents) to trigonometry! need advanced help? a full-featured graphing calculator that's simple to learn and use (similar to those costing more than $100!) helps visualize and solve math and science problems. triangle solver and equation library. interact with a library of more than 100 equations and explore the relationships of triangles and their parts while viewing associated rules or graphs. templates and tutorials having trouble getting started on class projects? sometimes the hardest part about completing a project is getting started. microsoft student with encarta premium 2008 includes the latest version of learning essentials. working with microsoft office word office powerpoint and office excel (in either microsoft office xp office 2003 or the 2007 microsoft office system sold separately) learning essentials helps students achieve better grades. step-by-step writing tips and preformatted report and presentation templates give students a quick start in creating great-looking reports and presentations. get past the blank page. easy-to-use tools templates and tutorials help students get past formatting questions to the core learning in assignments. learning essentials includes tips and tutorials for managing projects and creating high-quality reports presentations science projects and other assignments. foreign language a full-featured dictionary helps translate and conjugate verbs in spanish french german and italian. learning essentials also unlocks tools in microsoft office that are specially designed for foreign language study providing templates and tools for completing assignments in spanish french and german. literature need to know more about that literary story? microsoft student with encarta premium 2008 includes more than 1 000 book summaries that help students understand some of the most commonly studied literary works from middle school to college level. note: 1. the npd group/npd techworld january 2000 to february 2007. based on total u.s. retail sales. 2. an active internet connection is required for math online help update encarta web links weather and radio links and encarta premium online. update encarta and math online help are available through october 2008. access to encarta online premium requires a microsoft .net passport (windows live id) and an internet connection. you must be 13 years or older to create a windows live id. 3. hotmath contains primarily us-based textbook problems. microsoft 49.95|pinnacle mobile media organizer software for windows ipod software mobile media organizer software for windows the mobile media organizer software for windows from pinnacle allows you to organize your digital media library. the software allows you to import manage and export digital media for use on your portable ...  39.95
0|adobe creative suite cs3 design standard upgrade [mac] note: this is the upgrade version of adobe creative suite 3 design standard. adobe creative suite 3 design standard upgrade software is the indispensable toolkit for professional design and print production. it combines all-new versions of essential tools for page layout image editing illustration and adobe pdf workflows in a tightly integrated creative environment. with design standard you can express and print your ideas faster and more easily than ever before. design and print graphically rich materials such as magazine spreads with the tightly integrated productive tools in adobe creative suite 3 design standard. master deadlines in design and print production adobe creative suite 3 design standard software is the indispensable toolkit for professional design and print production offering all-new versions of essential tools for page layout image editing illustration and adobe pdf workflows. design with essential tools take your designs from concept to completion with adobe creative suite 3 design standard which helps you create and print your best work. from sketching concepts to finessing production details you can create beautiful sophisticated designs with creative suite design standard. take advantage of new creative effects and finer transparency controls in adobe indesign software; explore apply and control color variations using the new live color environment in adobe illustrator software; and apply new nondestructive smart filters in adobe photoshop software. design standard helps you express your best ideas more easily and efficiently than ever before. keep your ideas flowing adobe creative suite 3 design standard lets you slip into the creative zone and stay there by offering tight integration and shared productivity features that enable you to move fluidly between tasks. easily share assets among components--double-click an asset in an indesign layout to quickly open it in photoshop or illustrator for example or use smart objects to nondestructively edit illustrator artwork in photoshop. visually manage assets in adobe bridge manage workgroup files with adobe version cue and shop for royalty-free images using adobe stock photos--all from within design standard. print with confidence enjoy rock-solid streamlined print production using creative suite 3 design standard. generate predictable printed output with features such as synchronized color settings and shared pdf presets. help minimize errors by using output previews before you print and exert fine control over output using consistent comprehensive professional printing options. streamline prepress using adobe acrobat software to preflight and correct adobe pdf files and to automate workflows with jdf. with design standard you can reliably print beautiful content with the utmost efficiency. adobe photoshop cs3 for unrivaled image editing adobe illustrator cs3 for inspired vector graphics creation adobe indesign cs3 for professional page layout adobe acrobat 8 professional for efficient adobe pdf workflows audience benefit design professionals--express your ideas in print using adobe creative suite 3 design standard software the graphic designer's indispensable toolkit for professional design and print production. creative suite 3 design standard offers a tightly integrated unified creative environment that combines essential tools for professional page layout image editing illustration and adobe pdf workflows with visual asset management workgroup file management and other shared productivity features. with design standard you can remove technical distractions and find your creative flow producing and printing beautiful content faster and more easily than ever before. print professionals--adobe creative suite 3 design standard software is adobe's high-quality creation and production environment for reliable print layout and output. it combines full new versions of adobe's leading design and print production tools--adobe indesign cs3 photoshop cs3 illustrator cs3 and acrobat 8 professional--with integrated productivity features all in a unified creative environment. design standard gives you and your customers streamlined controls for more consistent color and press-ready adobe pdf files including support for new pdf/x-4 (draft) and pdf/a industry standards in acrobat 8 professional as well as preflighting with automated file correction and support for jdf automation. creative suite 3 design standard helps you realize smooth production processes and reliable final output. it professionals--adobe creative suite 3 design standard software enables creative teams to realize their ideas more quickly and efficiently than ever before. built on industry standards to provide long-term compatibility design standard can be deployed easily across networks is extensible and scriptable and can be tailored to meet a variety of specialized publishing needs. design standard combines full new versions of adobe's essential design and print production tools--adobe indesign cs3 photoshop cs3 illustrator cs3 and acrobat 8 professional--with integrated productivity features for creative workgroups. offering a single installer and serial number for easy installation and backed by the quality and reliability adobe is known for creative suite 3 design standard meets the design and print production needs of your creative team. visually manage assets in adobe bridge test mobile designs in adobe device central coordinate with team members using adobe version cue host real-time web-based meetings with adobe acrobat connect top new benefits of adobe creative suite 3 design standard all-new versions of essential creative tools experience a highly productive creative toolkit with adobe indesign cs3 for professional page layout adobe photoshop cs3 for unrivaled image editing adobe illustrator cs3 for inspired vector graphics creation and adobe acrobat 8 professional for efficient adobe pdf workflows. unified design environment work efficiently in an interface that's common across many components of design standard. new self-adjusting panels dock conveniently out of your way when not in use and pop out when you need them. maximize screen mode keeps panels from overlapping the document window. support for the latest mac and windows systems get the most out of design standard on intel based mac systems and microsoft windows vista computers. work smoothly on legacy powerpc based mac and windows xp systems as well. efficient powerful page design with adobe indesign cs3 explore more creative possibilities and experience new levels of productivity using indesign cs3 which offers powerful features for creating graphically rich complex documents; professional typographic controls; and robust reliable printing. inspired vector graphics creation in adobe illustrator cs3 explore apply and control color variations using live color in illustrator cs3. select and align points and edit paths more easily than ever define crop areas interactively for print or export and enjoy improved operating performance. powerful digital imaging with adobe photoshop cs3 select image regions more intuitively apply filters nondestructively and align and blend similar images to quickly produce the best composite using photoshop cs3. pdf file creation and collaboration with adobe acrobat 8 professional create reliable final print documents using acrobat 8 professional. conduct server-based shared reviews preflight and automatically correct adobe pdf files and work in a more streamlined intuitive interface. visual media management in adobe bridge cs3 efficiently organize browse locate and preview assets with adobe bridge cs3 which offers faster performance; customizable workspaces; nondestructive batch-editing of tiff jpeg and camera raw files; direct playback of flash files; and direct access to useful services such as adobe stock photos*. real-time interactive web conferences with acrobat connect use bridge or acrobat to launch acrobat connect the web-based conferencing system for real-time interactive meetings such as design reviews. for a low monthly fee host online conferences in a meeting room that you set up once and is readily available. advanced workgroup file management with adobe version cue cs3 use version cue to manage the use of files within creative teams. track multiple versions prevent overwriting find the files you need quickly conduct browser-based adobe pdf reviews and control access to files on a project-by-project basis. additional features unprecedented integration for exceptional productivityenjoy a consistent design experience across indesign illustrator and photoshop with shared interface elements such as self-adjusting panels that dock out of your way when not in use. and use native file formats smoothly across software components to streamline design and production. powerful color and printing capabilities print photoshop composites illustrator artwork and indesign layouts with confidence thanks to robust color options consistent color settings and professional output controls for high-quality printing. exceptional native file format support open photoshop images in illustrator and illustrator artwork in photoshop and place both types of native files as well as adobe pdf files in indesign layouts. streamline your design and production processes in myriad ways using native file format support. reliable adobe pdf workflows use adobe pdf to create reliable and consistent final output streamline print productionincluding automatically fixing mistakes found during preflight and automate processes using jdf. cross-media publishing contribute your assets to cross-media workflows. hand off photoshop image comps for use in web prototyping preview illustrator artwork as it might appear on a mobile device and export indesign layouts as xhtml for use by colleagues in web page layouts. shared features and services work more efficiently using a host of shared features and services including adobe stock photos* for purchasing royalty-free images; acrobat connect* for hosting web-based interactive meetings; and version cue cs3 for workgroup file management. powerful jdf workflows automatically convert adobe indesign files to adobe pdf and preflight and validate them against the targeted output intent (including number of pages page size and more) using enhanced jdf-based workflows. streamlined print production preflight adobe pdf files in acrobat and fix problems before they get to press. automatically correct hairlines downsample image resolution flatten transparency and more. efficient and easy-to-manage deployment easily deploy design standard using a single installer and serial number and track manage and accurately allocate adobe software assets using adobe license manager. industry-standard scripting automate tasks across design standard by writing scripts in javascript applescript microsoft visual basic and extendscript. * online services including but not limited to adobe stock photos and acrobat connect may not be available in all countries languages and currencies. availability of services is subject to change. use of online services is governed by terms and conditions of a separate agreement and may be subject to additional fees. for details visit www.adobe.com. adobe creative suite 3: what's in each edition? adobe creative suite 3 editions design premium design standard web premium web standard production premium master collection adobe photoshop cs3 extended adobe photoshop cs3 adobe illustrator cs3 adobe indesign cs3 adobe acrobat 8 professional adobe flash cs3 professional adobe dreamweaver cs3 adobe contribute cs3 adobe fireworks cs3 adobe after effects cs3 professional adobe premiere pro cs3 adobe soundbooth cs3 adobe encore cs3 adobe onlocation * adobe ultra cs3 * additional features and services in adobe creative suite 3 adobe bridge cs3 adobe version cue cs3 adobe device central cs3 adobe dynamic link adobe stock photos adobe acrobat connect * adobe ultra runs on microsoft windows only. for macintosh users adobe onlocation requires bootcamp and windows (purchased separately) or a separate windows-based computer. adobe 399|brocade comm 4100 secure fabric os w/2yr sw sup - br-3900sec-02-t   9534
0|police quest compilation special limited edition with 4 products in one box! product information it doesn't get more real than this.&nbsp; police quest's four action-packedstories throw you instantly into a cop's daily life.&nbsp; investigatehomicides.&nbsp; foil drug rings.&nbsp; track down a serial killer.&nbsp; formerlapd chief daryl gates is on hand with real-world experience. the closest experience to being vivendi games 19.99|h&r block taxcut premium federal and state with e-file efile software - mac/win tax & finance software taxcut premium federal and state with e-file software for mac and windows the taxcut premium federal and state with e-file software from h&r block is a tax preparation program that gives you the tools necessary to prepare and file your federal and ...  54.95
0|upgrade pitstop server 3.5 1u win 2k/xp & mac os 10.2.8 upg-v pitstop server 3.5 1u win 2k/xp & mac os 10.2.8 enfocus software 499|29300183dm adobe creative suite 3 design standard - media - tlp tlp nonprofit - download - adobe systems 29300183dm : usually ships in 24 hours : : adobe creative suite 3 design standard software is the indispensable toolkit for professional design and print production.  20.97
0|lego island 2: the brickster's revenge (xp compatible version) the brickster is back and out to cause more mischief in this wild racing chasing island-hopping sequel. in your quest to piece together the infomaniacs constructopedia youll drive sky-dive scuba-dive fly a plane and even ride a dinosaur as you chase the brickster through these amazing lego worlds. meet all kinds of fun characters as you journey to the final showdown. youll need all your skills to solve the puzzles and achieve your ultimate goal to save lego island from being ruined. explore lego island as you deliver pizzas and hang out at the skateboard park. amazing challenges and exciting puzzles test your skill and intelligence. have fun traveling around all the islands. ride your skateboard scuba-dive fly a plane ride a pterodactyl and more! escape the rolling rock as you uncover the secrets of the mummies tomb. dive deep to retrieve the bricks and repair the bridge to castle island. prepare for your epic space adventure by mastering your sky-diving skills. help find the missing pages from the infomaniacs constructopedia. defeat the dark knight in a thrill-packed jousting tournament. complete challenges to earn valuable rewards. walk around the island to see what you can discover. enjoy thrilling adventures as you chase the brickster! lego media 0|r18-00144 microsoft windows server - license & software assurance - 1 cal - open business microsoft r18-00144 : usually ships in 24 hours : : windows server system is a comprehensive integrated and interoperable server infrastructure designed to meet the demanding needs of developers and it professionals and to flexibly run the ...  41.58
0|hallmark card studio 2006 hallmark card studio 2006 helps you design greeting cards for life's special moments. with this software it's easier than ever to create one-of-a-kind hallmark cards as unique as the people you care for. the artistic possibilities are almost infinite! sierra home 29.99|adobe acrobat v8.0 professional for mac academic system requirements powerpc or intel core duo processor mac os x v10.4.3 256mb ram (512mb recommended) 1gb free hard-disk space 1024 x 768 display resolution dvd-rom drive  159.99
0|genuine fractals print pro 4.1 sharpener pro 2.0 license - - standard - pc mac onone software 0|panda software filesecure2006 w/ truprevent 1001-2k 2yr - b2fs6g-gov   20
0|nova greeting card factory (mac) art explosion greeting card factory offers you millions of new options for creating the most heartfelt greeting cards available. you can even design your own electronic greetings for an instant way to show your feelings nova development 49.99|nuance communications inc. - m009a-l00-4.0 - pdf create v4 english pdf create! 4 enables users to create pdf documents that are compact and easy to e-mail are universally viewable and print just as they would in the original application. it also includes all of the advanced features you need including ...  46.42
0|poser figure artist poser figure artist win 2000 - xp/mac os 10.2 or later efrontier 99.99|sony creative software sound forge audio studio v.8.0 complete product ecost.com: sony creative software sound forge audio studio v.8.0 - complete product - music editing/composing - 1 user - complete product - standard - pc from the graphics & development software department  55.29
0|stubbs the zombie in rebel without a pulse (dvd) (mac) stubbs the zombie lets you become a man whose luck was so bad dying was the best thing that ever happened to him. in 1933 edward stubblefield was a traveling salesman trying to survive the great depression when he was murdered & buried in a field in pennsylvania. fast forward to 1959 when billionaire playboy andrew monday builds his own ultramodern city - punchbowl where you can drink your fill of the future. unfortunately he built it on the grave of stubbs bringing him back as a angry zombie. stubbs was a loser all his life and being a zombie gives him power he never had before. he decides to keep eating brains until the city is his -- unless andrew monday can stop him. aspyr media 9.99|laplink software pafgpcde01000p0rtpen - laplink pcdefense - internet security laplink software pafgpcde01000p0rtpen : laplink pcdefense - internet security - pafgpcde01000p0rtpen specifications : manufacturer : laplink software inc. manufacturer part number : pafgpcde01000p0rtpen software type main : security software type ...  26.97
0|emedia bass method win/mac emedia bass method os x (win 95 98 me nt 2000 xp/mac 7.1-9.x(classic) x) emedia 59.99|steinberg cubase studio 4 software - educational discount music production software cubase studio 4 - music production system for mac os x and windows xp - educational discount cubase studio 4 from steinberg is an audio/midi editor/recorder software program tailored to project studios and creative musicians. built around the same ...  179.95
0|spy sweeper [lb] spy sweeper 4.5 defends your pc and your personal information from the fast-growing threats to privacy you'll encounter online! whenever you download something online you risk infection with spyware. chances are your computer is already infected putting your confidential information and your computer's performance at risk. spy sweeper blocks spyware downloads keeping you one step ahead of the spies and marketers. webroot software 29.99|software software  621.99
0|omniweb 5.0  omni group 29.99|pc-cillin internet security 2007 3-user (win me 2000 xp) trusted by millions to protect their identity privacy and irreplaceable filestrend micro? internet security 2007 and trendsecure comprehensively safeguards your computers your home networks and your personal identity. email shop share pictures ...  49.95
0|hp digital sending secure - license - 50 users - std capture process and route stacks of paper-based documents into digital formats quickly simply and reliably. extend the sending capability of your hp multifunction product with digital sending software (dss). hewlett packard 0|phantom efx reel deal slots mystic forest fantasy: the best just keeps getting better! this hot new game is busting at the seams with bonus rounds superior sound and graphics and the quality fans have come to love from phantom efx. high-level concept: the most r  17.24
0|hoyle backgammon jc hoyle backgammon is great for players of all levels! tired of playing plain old backgammon? dive into a challenging game of backgammon and play as if you are back in the feudal era! simulating the setting of a medieval environment hoyle backgammon allows you to escape into a magical world of 16th century opponents so you build strategy & skill as you work your way through the different levels of this 5 star game - just don't get ?hit!? 10 user-selectable character opponents multiple sound/music options minimum system requirements - windows 98se/me/2000 sp4/xp (home and pro) sp1 pentiumii 233mhz 32mb ram (128mb for xp) 20mb hard disk space 4x cd-rom 8mb video ram encore 7.99|corel ulead videostudio 11 plus video editing and dvd authoring software - win authoring software videostudio 11 plus video editing and dvd authoring software for windows special offer the videostudio 11 plus video editing and dvd authoring software for windows from corel ulead is a great way to get started editing your home movies and burning ...  129.95
0|kaplan sat/act/psat express kaplan has helped more than 3 million students score higher on admission exams and - get into the nation's top colleges and universities. our effective program of practice review and test-taking strategies has made higher score sat act psat the bestselling test prep software brand. kaplan is the nation's 1 test prep company for a reason-results! kaplan's powerful approach combines personalized instruction with realistic practice and score-raising strategies. with this in-depth program you'll unlock the tests and get the high score you need to get into the college you want. diagnose take a diagnostic exam to determine test strengths and weaknesses. target focus your prep and build skills with a personal study plan. practice practice practice and practice again with realistic exams and quizzes. improve build confidence and speed with kaplan's score-raising test strategies. disc 1: higher score on the sat & psat in-depth sat and psat content review drills strategies and practice tests designed to help raise your score: analysis of math critical reading & writing skills extensive math critical reading & writing tutorials printable vocabulary lists and flashcards games & activities to improve response times complete performance analysis by question type topic technique time spent-including whether or not you're changing correct answers to wrong ones! full-length new sat and psat tests section tests for critical reading math and writing disc 2: higher score on the act thorough act content review drills strategies and practice tests designed to help raise your score: broad content review in english math reading & science complete discussion & review of each question type section-length practice tests covering english math reading & science full-length practice tests for the act windows system requirements: processor type - intel pentium ii processor processor speed - 300mhz oper topics entertainment 9.99|getting started with sas/af(r) and frames this book provides an introduction to application development using sas/af and frame entries. geared to the sas/af beginner the instruction and examples can be used with sas 8.1 through sas.9. in just a few steps youll develop a graphical user ...  11.66
0|microsoft visual studio team edition for software architect 2005 with msdn premium microsoft visual studio team edition for software architects 2005 with msdn premium enables software architects operations managers and developers to increase the predictability of success during deployment by visually designing service-oriented solutions and validating them at design time against their operational environments. (team edition for software architects can be purchased separately or as part of the visual studio team suite 2005 suite of programs.) team edition for software architects includes the new application designer a visual design surface that helps software architects design configure implement and deploy service-oriented applications. view larger. the application designer allows users to create application diagrams that can be implemented into code at any time. view larger. the deployment designer can be used to validate an application for deployment in a particular datacenter. view larger. team edition for software architects is the first deliverable of the dynamic systems initiative aimed at improving the design and validation of distributed systems and enabling organizations to lower the risk of deployment of enterprise-class distributed systems. team edition for software architects gives architects operations managers and developers the ability to increase the predictability of success by visually constructing service-oriented solutions that can be validated against their operational environments prior to deployment. with team edition for software architects you can keep application design documents synchronized with code at all times design and configure .net web services visually create and manage a living blueprint of an entire distributed system using the first sdm-compatible tool communicate information using a common modeling language and validate design prior to implemenatation to ensure that your distributed application will deploy successfully. visual studio team edition for software architects integrates tightly with the visual studio team system allowing architects to communicate efficiently with all members of the software development lifecycle. creating viewing or assigning work items and sharing artifacts easily among all members of the team is easily accomplished. the distributed system designers treat models as first-class citizens in the development lifecycle and provide a continuously synched view of the code. this trip-less round-tripping ensures that the model remains up-to-date with the code at all times. team edition for software architects offers a rich extensible infrastructure for customers and third-parties to build upon and lets you leverage integrated partner solutions to extend the distributed system designers to provide support for management and deployment of distributed applications. advanced customization features allow you to model new application types or application hosts using the system definition model (sdm) sdk or extend existing sdm models. new distributed system designers integrate seamlessly with the visual studio 2005 ide enabling architects to design implement and validate distributed applications. the logical datacenter designer can be used to create a logical view of your datacenter including logical servers endpoints communication boundaries and pathways. with team edition for software architects you can import iis configuration information from a physical iis server. a scriptable deployment report captures all information required for deployment and the rich extensibility mechanism enables users to create new resources model new application and server types and specify custom settings and constraints. msdn premium subscriptions team edition for software architects includes an msdn premium subscription. an msdn premium subscription provides continuous priority access to the technologies you need to support team edition for software architects and build a broad range of applications and web services including the latest versions of windows server 2003 windows 2000 server windows 2000 professional windows 2000 advanced server windows xp professional edition windows xp home edition and future windows releases. (usage rights are limited to development and testing only.) with the subscription your technical support includes unlimited usage of msdn managed newsgroups for online support with a guaranteed response time of two business days phone-based support incidents and free access to msdn online concierge for nontechnical questions regarding navigation of the msdn site knowledge base article searches and msdn subscriber downloads. also continuously updated technical content is available through the msdn library which offers comprehensive programming information code samples sample applications technical documentation and articles and the microsoft developer knowledge base. microsoft 5479|ma166z/a ilife '06 - complete package - 1 user - dvd - mac apple computer ma166z/a : usually ships in 24 hours : : ilife '06 the must-have update to apple's award-winning suite of digital lifestyle applications delivers major upgrades to iphoto imovie hd idvd and garageband plus an innovative new ...  72.74
0|family tree maker version 16 collectors edition sb cs with family tree maker version 16 collector's edition you'll have the world's most popular resource for creating your family tree. in just a few steps you'll get the information you need to organize and design your family tree. import photos and documents to professionally designed templates to create a unique keepsake -- then share your findings with family and friends. encore software 99.99|nintendo gamecube sonic heroes/shadow the hedgehog 2 pk two great games: sonic heroes and shadow the hedgehog: sonic heroes harkens back to the fundamentals that made sega so successful--tightly-designed levels and high-speed thrills. sonic mainstays such as loops jump pads speed boosts and spin jumps ...  29.99
0|hoyle card games (jewel case) deal yourself in! whatever your favorite card game hoyle puts you right in the middle of the action. with hoyle card games you'll learn to hold'em and fold'em like a pro with insightful in-game tutorials and strategy guides. so shuffle the cards and deal yourself in for hours of fun.hoyle card games contains 18 classic card games and teaches you the official rules according to hoyle.hoyle card games includes:5 card drawbridgecribbagegingo fishheartsold maidpinochlerummy 500 (new)solitairespadeswarmany more!for over 200 years according to hoyle has meant playing games right. the legacy continues with hoyle card games. encore software 9.99|cisco pgw2200 includes redundnt v210 ac hw 9.6.1 sw 1000 sig rtus  55706.95
0|monopoly 3 monopoly 3 brings the best-selling board game to the pc with fresh new features and gameplay that has captivated generations. featuring cleverly animated tokens bright 3d graphics and the choice of 10 different major city gameboards plus the classic gameboard. compete with up to six players or wheel and deal over the internet. (internet play requires optional fee.) encore 9.99|microsoft office and windows training professional for almost two decades learn2 has helped over 8000000 consumers including professionals from fortune 500 companies and government agencies to enhance their computer skills. let the in-depth courseware in learn2 training pro for microsoft office  29.99
0|sharks 2.0 sharks terrors of the deep demonstrates the latest look and capabilities of this hot screensaver. dynamic backgrounds realistic movement and amazing animation are the latest enhancements brings the aquatic world to life. you'll swear you feel those massive tails brush you as they cruise by! encore software 19.95|e84-00294 microsoft internet security and acceleration server - license & software assuran microsoft e84-00294 : usually ships in 24 hours : : as the use of the internet continues to expand so do the security and performance challenges.  1821.09
0|star wars empire at war (intel only macs) star wars: empire at war lets players rewrite history while they experience the aftermath of revenge of the sith. set a few years before the events of a new hope the game chronicles the start of the rebel alliance & darth vader's rise to power. visit worlds like hoth tatooine and dagobah -- as well as never-before-seen environments taken directly from the star wars films and expanded universe novels. choose to join either the rebel alliance or the galactic empire and unleash your tactical skills on your enemy in real-time 3d. all of the gameplay and action within star wars empire at war is persistent; strategic and tactical decisions from previous events will have a permanent effect on the galaxy. deploy more than 20 ground-and air-based vehicles - from giant star destroyers and mon calamari cruisers to speeder-bikes and x-wings access multiple ground troops from stormtroopers & rebel soldiers to powerful heroes like obi-wan and darth vader multiplayer action including 2-player campaign mode and up to 8-player online skirmishes aspyr media 49.99|enfocus software ip4.0-sg-001 - instantpdf 4.0 single full enfocus software ip4.0-sg-001 : enfocus software instantpdf 4.0 single full - ip4.0-sg-001  211.97
0|lotus dev. ibm db2 net search extender - ( v. 8.2 ) - media ( bb0kyna )  lotus development corp 0|xbox 360: call of action 3 - gold edition call of duty 3 delivers more intense combat than ever before. follow the allies on the normandy breakthrough campaign as they push inland to liberate paris and take the first step on the path to berlin. through a seamless narrative that delivers the ...  59.99
0|microsoft licenses isa server lic/sa olp c (e8400294) model-e8400294 vendor- microsoft corporation features- isa server lic/sa olp c microsoft isa server license/software assurance pack. open license program. single processor license. level c. internet security and acceleration (isa) server standard edition is microsoft s internet connection protection tool providing firewall- level security and increased internet connection performance for fast web access and secure connectivity. isa server includes the following features: multi-layer firewall integrated virtual private networking integrated intrusion detection smart application filters advanced authentication client transparency e-mail content screening ssl traffic inspection high-performance web cache distributed and hierarchical caching scheduled content download streaming media support detailed logging built-in reporting microsoft licenses 3210.4|caillou ready for school by brighter minds macintosh minimums requirements 266mhz g3 processor os 9.2.2 os x (in classic mode) 64mb ram 200mb free hard drive space 8x cd-rom drive 16mb color video card thousands of colors @ 800 x 600 mouse quicktime 5 or later  19.99
0|sonicwall global vpn client - license ( 01-ssc-5310 ) license - - 1 user(s) - standard - pc handheld sonic systems inc. 0|video studio 11 plus corel video studio 11 plus is consumer video editing and dvd authoring software that lets anyone do more with video. corel corporation 103.99
0|emedia piano and keyboard method volume 1 piano and keyboard method is a powerful and original new approach to building music skills! interactive lessons and multimedia exercises combine for a clear and easy-to-use learning method! emedia 59.99|myob compatible multipurpose continuous checks compatible with bestbooks windows 1.0 & mac 1.0 myob windows 4.0-7.0 & mac 4.0 and higher.check size: 9 1/2in. x 11in..  144.59
0|adobe photoshop elements 4.0 (mac) adobe photoshop elements 4.0 software combines innovation and simplicity to help you work with and enhance your digital photos with some of the industry's most powerful tools. with elements 4.0 you can fix common flaws instantly or show off your creativity in a wide variety of entertaining ways by using your photos to create cards calendars and much more. easily access your photos and add delete or move folders using the folder view. even create folders to hold collections. adjust skin tones for a more natural look even in poorly lit photos. easily select by brushing over any element of your photo to make a range of adjustments to a specific area or object. make quicker fixes than ever before for starters elements 4.0 offers users more precise controls that allow you to adjust specific areas of a photo in less time and even remove red eye automatically. the software's quick fix mode lets you perform a full range of common photo adjustments including color contrast and lighting and skin tones can be easily adjusted for a more natural look even in poorly lit photos. you can even compare before and after views that instantly let you see the effects of your adjustments. perform a full range of common photo adjustments -- such as color contrast and lighting -- in the convenient quick fix mode. easily upload your photos to a personal online album that can be updated with new photos at any time. family and friends can view your photos and instantly order prints. turn your digital pictures into professional-quality kodak prints or create a memorable hardbound photo book. both are delivered directly to your door. when it comes time to retouching your photos no problem. elements 4.0 lets you easily brush over any element of your photo to make a range of adjustments to a specific area or object. for instance you can use the magic selection brush and magic extractor tool to isolate objects from backgrounds quickly and easily even in complex textured areas. you can also remove entire backgrounds leaving foregrounds untouched or place your friends on the top of mount everest or in front of the taj majal as if they were really there. the spot healing brush lets you instantly brush away wrinkles and other unwanted objects. for more fine tuning of exposure and lighting you can work directly with the raw image file from your camera by converting the raw files to the universal digital negative (dng) format to help ensure you'll always be able to open and use your photo files in the future. effortless color corrections and photo management once you have touched up your photos you can compare a range of color variations side by side with your original photo and select the best choice with a single click. to get the best overall color possible with your photos elements 4.0 offers easy slider controls for color temperature and tint. to rescue poorly lit shots you can easily adjust shadows and highlights lighten the shadows and reduce the glare of highlights. and with 16-bit support you'll get smoother and more precise color results than ever before. do you already have hundreds of photos in your computer that you are ready to work with? elements 4.0 offers extensive photo management capabilities that will make managing and editing your digital files a cinch. for instance elements 4.0 lets you type titles and labels right onto your photos and edit them at any time. an enhanced font menu and easy-to-use interface gives you the option of quickly choosing from a wide option of fonts. if you're working with multiple photos you can save hours of effort through the software's automatic batch processes. with this time-saving feature you can remove red eye rename resize convert formats adjust levels add text and more in a single step. you can also save time by scanning several photos at once. elements 4.0 will automatically divide straighten and save each photo separately. and when it's time to final the exact photo you need elements 4.0 includes several management features that will make your life much easier. easily access your photos and add delete or move folders using the folder view. you can even create folders to hold entire collections and organize by filename date file type and many other properties. flip through photos in a full-screen slide show and rate your favorites apply color labels rotate photos change display size and show captions. with expanded metadata search parameters you can quickly find and preview any photo in a matter of seconds. these enhanced search options let you search from a wide range of metadata options such as f-stop digital camera model and even exposure values. you can also use keywords to pinpoint your search. looking for a photo of just jack but not jack and jill? elements 4.0 will find it for you. printing and uploading features when you're ready to share your photos elements 4.0 will help you to create a personal online album that can be updated with new photos at any time so that family and friends can view your photos and instantly order prints. you also have the option of uploading your photos to order professional-quality kodak prints or use adobe photoshop services to create your own calendars greeting cards or beautiful hardbound photo books that can also be delivered directly to your doorstep. (services may vary depending on region.) and if you just want to print your photos on your own elements 4.0 lets you quickly drop your photos into picture packages that let you print photos from your desktop printer in a variety of flexible layouts. adobe 89.99|freeverse software 005 solace in the noble tradition of axis & alliestm freeverse software unleashes an epic strategy board game that's so addicting it will leave you sleep deprived and socially inept! in the noble tradition of axis & alliestm freeverse software unleashes an ... freeverse software 18.99
0|hp c7130b color laserjet 5550 500-sheet input tray information technology professionals rely on hp quality to ensure maximum productivity. as the power of applications processors memory adapters and storage devices increases high-end computer users are seeking ways to optimize their system performance. hp provides leading solutions adding new levels of performance availability flexibility and management. hewlett packard 0|hal leonard rachmaninoff piano concerto no. 2 in c minor op. 18 includes: adagio sostenuto ? allegro scherzando ? moderato.  25.77
0|g7 kontakt edition with g7 you can write tab chords lyrics and notation learn songs and riffs with the on-screen fretboard -- even publish your music on the internet. you can play straight in from a midi keyboard or guitar or write down the chords and create tab instantly. you can even scan in printed sheet music. g7 makes it easy to capture your ideas almost as fast as they come to you. to learn riffs just scan in sheet music or download from the internet. then listen and view the interactive fretboard for fingerings. choose any speed you like or step through a note at a time. with g7 you can also add lyrics chord symbols keyboards and drums to create anything from lead sheets to complete rock scores. once youve written a song just save it as a web page ascii tab or midi file ready to email or post on the internet. you can even sell songs on the publishing site g7music.net from your dedicated web page free of charge. sibelius software ltd. 99.99|edius pro 4 whether you are working with standard definition or high definition video grass valley edius pro nle software frees you from the limitations of conventional editing systems. edius pro software can be upgraded to edius broadcast at any time. canopus/grass valley 585.99
0|jeopardy! deluxe you've never been in jeopardy! like this before. choose money tiles in various categories and give the question to which each clue is the answer. enjoy the full tv-game experience with more puzzles and double jeopardy. full-screen mode for distraction-free gaming encore 19.99|j8779a hp procurve manager plus - ( v. 2.0 ) - upgrade license - unlimited devices - wi hp j8779a : usually ships in 24 hours : : pcm+ 2.  2270.06
0|upgrade 3d for exceed 2007 1u upg 3d for exceed 2007 1u hummingbird communications 0|bobby joe holman play harmonica pack this value pack includes the play harmonica in one hour dvd featuring bobby joe holman plus a blues band harmonica for only $24.95! the dvd includes the clearest and easiest instructions ever for learning the basics of harmonica playing. you'll lea  18.5
0|westward enter the wild rough and tumble world of westward where adventure and untold fortunes await you. explore a huge playing environment and move up to 20 different levels. use quick wits to complete tasks like building homes farms water wells and more to keep your settlers fed housed and employed. if they don't like their situation your settlers will go elsewhere and your town will collapse! look for gold mines watch out for theivin' bandits and engage in dramatic shoot-outs. control the destiny of the west as you build thriving towns explore uncharted plains and guide your settlers to safety and success. features: more than 10 playable main characters customize your town and support an ever-expanding population buy sell and trade a variety of resources evolving and ever-changing scenarios provide many hours of playing fun encore software 19.99|individual software prm-r12 resumemaker professional 12.0 resumemaker is packed with powerful features to help you write a better resume land a better job and earn a higher salary. is your resume helping you move forward or holding you back? advance your career and never miss another career opportunity! ... individual software 29.99
0|punch! master landscape professional & home design v 10.0 master landscape pro and home design makes it simple to realize the full potential of your landscaping and design projects. it's got a powerful robust way to to edit specify precise dimensions display options and more. there are also new enhancements for photorealistic lighting custom objects and more. punch! powertools expand the functionality of your designs and adds more flexibility to your landscaping design experience. import and export all. dwg files complete framing editor deck wizard layout manager and curved wall tool punch! animator powertools punch! software 69.95|avanquest usa 1461 system suit 7 professional protect your system against viruses and from hackers diagnose computer problems recover lost data protect against email spam with system suit 7 professional. systemsuite 7 professional is a comprehensive collection of essential pc utilities ... avanquest usa 44.99
0|totally spies: total swamp romp (pc & mac) in totally spies you'll control the girls of woohp: the world organization of human protection. just like in the cartoons you'll lead these beverly hills girls on a mission to stop a global crisis. infiltrate chemical sites pursue criminals on a snow bike save hostages and protect celebrities -- all without breaking a nail. brighter minds media inc. 19.99|roxio toast 8 titanium cdr software requirements: macintosh computer with a powerpc g4 powerpc g5 or intel processor cd dvd or blu-ray disc recordable drive mac os x v10.4.8 or higher 250 mb of free disk space to install up to 15 gb of temporary free disk space during usage ...  82.99
0|motu digital performer 5 digital audio software competitive upgrade (mac only) for song writing studio production film scoring live performance remixing post production and surround mixing digital performer delivers advanced features in an intuitive streamlined design. whether you re completing a surround dvd or you just want to write a song and burn a cd or mp3 file digital performer gets you there quickly with elegance and ease. and version 5 adds six new virtual instruments plus dozens of innovative new features to keep you on the cutting edge of desktop music production. from classic fm to vintage analog six intriguing virtual instruments will spark your creativity and get you making music in minutes. browse the hundreds of supplied presets choose a sound or drum kit and then hit the record button. the rest is up to you. load your own samples or program custom sounds. you get two one-oscillator subtractive synths one two-oscillator subtractive synth a sample player a drum module and an fm synth. get ready to crank out some serious sound from your mac. all six instruments are designed for easy streamlined operation and cpu-efficient performance. if you've never used instrument plug-ins before get ready for some heavy-duty fun. if you're a seasoned virtual instrument user dive in and don't forget to come up for air. bassline is an analog-style monophonic bass synth. don't let the size and straightforward design fool you: bassline puts out monstrous low end. bassline's controls are dedicated to the bass the whole bass ... motu 395|4px-00078 microsoft system center essentials 2007 - license - 20 clients - win - english microsoft 4px-00078 : usually ships in 24 hours : : microsoft system center essentials 2007 (essentials 2007) is a new management solution in the system center family of it systems management products specifically designed for midsized businesses ( ...  379.43
0|microsoft powerpoint 2004 (mac) powerpoint 2004 offers you the powerful advanced new tools needed for fantastic presentations. whether it's for business academic or personal needs you'll design dynamic and visual presentations that stand out and get noticed. microsoft 229.99|smart-sound sonicfire pro 4 - mac os x audio software for video sonicfire pro 4 - music scoring software for video professionals - mac os x sonicfire pro 4 from smartsound is software for video professionals who need to quickly score audio for visual media. with a multi-track mixing interface and support for ...  198.95
0|chessmaster 9000 (mac) chessmaster 9000 places you where you must master one of history's great challenges -- the age-old game of chess! this new & improved chess engine features 150 different opponents from beginner to grandmaster level. speed up the action in speed chess mode you are invited to test your brain by mastering history's greatest game! feral interactive 39.99|buvsag-00000 ulead videostudio 10 - complete package - 1 user - win - english corel buvsag-00000 : usually ships in 24 hours : in stock : ulead videostudio 10 features affordable and easy-to-use editing and authoring tools for making great home movies.  61.94
0|poser figure artist poser figure artist win 2000 - xp/mac os 10.2 or later efrontier 99.99|1-57408-058-x suretrak project manager - ( v. 3.0 ) - complete package - 1 user - cd - win primavera systems 1-57408-058-x : usually ships in 24 hours : in stock : suretrak project manager gives you professional results quickly and easily.  436.71
0|micromat techtool protege with firewire device techtool protege gives you the tools you need to repair your mac! this pocket-sized toolbox for mac users comes with all the software tools a professional needs. when a mac malfunctions or dies repairing it means carrying a load of utilities and boot cds external hard drives. not anymore! this tiny firewire-based device holds 1gb of memory and comes complete with the latest version of mac os x -- plus all the basic utilities for troubleshooting and repairing a macintosh. includes techtool protege firewire flash drive. micromat 0|novell identity manager integration module for mainframe for 900 series mvs - ( mainframe 1inst lic + 1yr mnt vlal9  90108.95
0|math success deluxe 2006  topics entertainment 49.99|sp linux we 50 lic/cd 3.0c   69216.95
0|hoyle: classic collection 2006 like a virtual casino on your pc / software includes card games roulette and other games of chance - or is it skill? encore 19.99|yamaha company - smart pianosoft this innovative software series enables your disklavier mark iii piano to perform with the world's most popular cds! using yamaha's pianosmart technology this companion diskette will magically empower your disklavier mark iii to accompany the ...  18.5
0|timbuktu remote control softwre 10 licenses for windows with its simple setup intuitive user-friendly interface and multiple security options timbuktu pro for windows is the best remote control choice for your home classroom or small business. with timbuktu pro you can view the screen of a remote computer or share your screen with one or many remote computers to collaborate teach or provide technical support. use your mouse and keyboard to operate distant computers as if you were sitting right in front of them send large files without tying up email and communicate by intercom text chat or instant message. netopia 0|corel corel word perfect office 12 upgrade super fast shipping - platinum reseller ratings - over 12 years in business wordperfect office 12 is a feature-rich compatible office productivity suite that offers powerful functionality at a competitive price. complete with word processing ...  49.99
0|imsi resume writer deluxe [lb] write the perfect resume!product informationresume writer deluxe is a powerful and cost-effectivedo-it-yourself resume-creation and management program. no matterwhat your job search situation is resume writer deluxe places at your disposalth imsi design 19.95|versacheck(r) corporate 2005 versacheck corporate 2005 integrates seamlessly with your existing financial software. import records from your financial software or print data-filled checks directly through quickpass the new powerful versacheck virtual print engine for quicken ...  129.99
0|studio movieboard plus pci hardware pinnacle studio movieboard plus is the ultimate movie-making solution providing video enthusiasts with the most complete set of hardware & software tools available. the pci card/external break-out box combination easily captures video from any analog or digital source. it enables output to disc mobile devices back to tape or for full-resolution preview to a tv monitor for precision editing. pinnacle's powerful yet intuitive video editing software pinnacle studio plus titanium edition is paired with a microphone and green backdrop for professional-quality voice audio recording and composite ?green screen? special effects for results that will amaze your audience. minimum system requirements - intel pentium or amd athlon 1.4 ghz or higher (2.4 ghz+ recommended) / 512mb ram (1 gb recommended. 1 gb required for hd) / windows xp (sp2 or higher) / directx 9 or higher compatible graphics card with 32mb (ati radeon or nvidia geforce 3 or higher with 128 mb recommended for sd. 128 mb required for 720p hd. 256 mb required for 1080i hd) / directx 9 or higher compatible sound card / 500mb of disk space to install software pinnacle 251.55|sony playstation 2 need for speed carbon collectors edition what starts in the city is settled in the canyons in need for speed carbon. it immerses you in the worlds most dangerous adrenaline-filled form of street racing. you and your crew must race in an all-out war for the city risking everything to take ...  29.99
0|instant home design 3.0 [lb] software suite helps you create customized before & after visuals of your home renovation in both photographic and cad (computer aided design) topics entertainment 19.99|apple software t9164ll/a logic express 6 logic express offers the same flexibility reliability ease of use and precision as its big brother logic pro 6 but at a price point that fits the budget of aspiring pros students and hobbyists give your ideas creative freedom with logic ... apple software 219
0|freddi fish 2: the haunted schoolhouse children - ages 3 to 8 everyone knows theres no such thing as ghosts.. so who is haunting the schoolhouse taking the toys and practically scaring the scales off of all the guppies? good thing super-sleuths freddi fish and luther are on the case. their plan: build a trap to capture and expose the phony ghost. to reach their goal the two friends need your childs help to find a few things - and the list of items changes every time they play. kids will dive right in to direct this undersea mystery filled with old friends new faces and a festive sing-along soundtrack. features: like the real world freddi fishs world changes every time you play search through fascinating places like a submarine a ship or atlantis out of time? you can save the game and finish it later take breaks with freddi fish: play games like crab invaders solve puzzles draw pictures or just sing songs 24 page activity book system requirements: windows 95/3.1: 33mhz 486 with 8 mb ram svga (640x480 256 color) graphics windows 3.1 or higher sound card double speed cd-rom drive. humongous entertainment 29.95|chainz un-chain your mind with chainz a challenging puzzle game of colorful logic. rotate links to form chains of matching colors. set up chain reactions and incorporate bonus links for big rewards. you can play at your own pace or try and beat the clock!  7.95
0|math missions: the race to spectacle city arcade (grades k-2) catch the bus subway or ferry to travel the city and tackle fun math challenges in the stores of spectacle city. build addition subtraction geometry and problem solving skills while constructing a skyscraper sorting toys at the toy store counting types of candy at the outdoor market and more. scholastic 29.95|adobe fireworks cs3 system requirements powerpc g4 or g5 or intel core processor mac os x v10.4.8 512mb ram (1gb recommended) 1gb free hard-disk space (additional space required during installation) 1024 x 768 display resolution with 16-bit video card dvd-rom drive ...  309.99
0|starry night galaxy explorer (pc & mac) starry night galaxy explorer (win xp/mac 10.3 or higher) imaginova 9.99|csdc route 66 route canada (french) door to door route planning for canada and the us. over 4000000 points-of-interest more than 11500000 kilometers of road over 75000000 house numbers over 6500000 streets gps-compatible multi-lingual user interface  35.98
0|safekeeper plus safekeeper plus is all-in-one guardian for your online safety. this powerful simple-to-use security suite combines the best in antivirus and antispyware. avoid being corrupted by malicious computer files or unsavory people who may provide objectionable content to children. bling software 0|autodesk combustion 4.0 compositing software - win compositing software combustion 4.0 professional compositing software - win autodesk combustion 4 software is an all-in-one professional compositing application designed to meet the needs of the world's most demanding artists. with its easy-to-use interface ...  889
0|virusbarrier x4 10.4 for mac-10 users virusbarrier x4 10.4 for mac os x - 10 users (mac 10.2.8 or later) intego 329.95|rick vito - 320535 - rick vito - complete guide to slide guitar in this dvd session rick gives his personal insights on achieving effective and powerful results in your slide playing. he covers a wide range of topics which include his invaluable tips on: setting up your guitar correctly to achieve great slide ...  14.86
0|safekeeper plus safekeeper plus is all-in-one guardian for your online safety. this powerful simple-to-use security suite combines the best in antivirus and antispyware. avoid being corrupted by malicious computer files or unsavory people who may provide objectionable content to children. bling software 0|543-03927 microsoft office outlook 2007 - media - volume - cd - win - english microsoft 543-03927 : usually ships in 24 hours : : office outlook 2007 provides an integrated solution for managing your time and information connecting across boundaries and remaining in control of the information that reaches you.  23.33
0|systemsuite 8 professional  individual software 49.99|microsoft office basic edition 2003 - license and media microsoft office basic edition 2003 - license and media  124.95
0|john deere: welcome to merriweather farm kids will delight to see johnny tractor (j. t.) and his friends allie gator and corey combine who live work and play at merriweather farm. follow their adventures as they plow the fields take care of the farm animals and harvest crops. global software publishing 19.99|sony playstation 2: karaoke revolution presents: american idol karaoke revolution presents: american idol lets you sing and perform using a usb headset/microphone as you compete through a fully recreated virtual season of the 1 tv show in america. play the part of an american idol contestant as you audition ...  39.99
0|talk now! learn dutch the fast fun and easy way to learn dutch! test your knowledge with quizzes and a challenging memory game. plus even compare your pronunciation to native speakers! eurotalk interactive 29.95|make finale 2006 software music production software finale 2006 - professional notation and score publishing software for mac and windows for the professional composer or music publisher producing and outputting music scores and instrumental parts finale 2006 from makemusic is the software of choice. ...  424.95
0|wanted: a wild western adventure wanted: a wild western adventure takes you into the role of a great cowboy hero! control fenimore fillmore as he confronts the wealthy and evil john starek. stop him from threatening the local townspeople into selling him their land -- and ride off into the sunset with the girl of your dreams. meet with over 30 crazy characters encounter countless amusing wild west situations and be the cowboy hero they write stories about! powerful new graphics engine for realistic facial expressions natural shapes and movement as good as a 3d cartoon dreamcatcher interactive 29.99|victory multimedia wordweb deluxe a word game based around super-intelligent spiders and the webs they?ve created you have to link letters to form words and sweep the webs away. you can earn tokens and use the letter pool to spell your own words use bonus tiles to earn more points ...  16.42
0|mac os x server v10.4.7 unlimited client brand new full retail box apple 999|1460 vcom systemsuite professional - ( v. 7 ) - complete package - 1 user - cd - win bvrp software 1460 : usually ships in 24 hours : in stock : vcom systemsuite professional is a comprehensive collection of essential pc utilities designed to maintain and protect your pc to keep it running just like the day you bought it.  36.93
0|library expansion option-upg library expansion option-upg novastor corporation 0|intego inc internet security barrier x4 antispam edition includes: netbarrier keep your mac safe from hackers and vandals! powerful easy-to-use and fully customizable netbarrier x4 gives you total protection from hackers and vandals. whether you are a home user or an experienced network admi  71.75
0|instant immersion american sign language win/mac instant immersion asl teaches beginners american sign language -- quickly and easily! topics entertainment 9.99|blank laser checks create your own checks right in your office. convenience. can be used with any of the popular check-printing software packages so you can configure these blank checks any way you want -- change them at will to suit the type of check youere writing. ...  54.99
0|40 years of the x-men with 40 years of x-men dvd you've got a full collection of every x-men story published in the last four decades. almost 500 issues of the classic x-men comics are reproduced here from the very first issue in 1963 to august 2005 -- all in full color from cover to cover. explore a world where a small group of people are born with genes that give them super-powers. these mutants are hated and feared by humanity at large and the x-men come together to protect both mutants and human from prejudice and evil mutants alike. you'll get to follow their incredible adventures as they span four amazing decades. git corp 49.99|microsoft ov mp wbsr vl user sl&add sl mo sub 1mo - v4k-00009   147213
0|crystal reports 11 professional full product french - marketing information: crystal reports the worldandquot;s leading reporting tool gives you a powerful flexible and open environment to work in. create flexible high-fidelity reports and tightly integrate them into applications with the latest version of crystal reports. product information - software sub type: database reporting - software name: crystal reports v.xi professional edition - complete product - features and benefits: report types: - mailing labels - cross-tab reports - form-style reports - subreports - conditional reports - top/bottom n reports - drill-down/summary reports - olap reports chart types: - bar - stacked bar - column - stacked column - line - area - numeric or date/time x-axis - pie - scatter - bubble - guage - gantt - funnel high productivity report creation: - report design wizard - data explorer - report explorer - workbench - field explorer - microsoft excel and access add-ins - report experts for automatic report creation - graphical table linking - field mapping between databases - repository for component reuse - custom templates - template window (design) - fully customizable runtime preview window - drill down in runtime preview window - auto saving comprehensive formatting and design control: - guidelines and vertical rulers - automatic styles auto-arrange fields ruler - drag and drop browse field data - drawing-style interface - moving and resizing objects s business objects 909.66|bling software limited 873172050209 - safekeeper plus - win 2000 xp bling software limited 873172050209 : safekeeper plus is the first software product that offers total protection for both your family and computer. it s the only product to offer the kid safe blocker family watchdog and safety shield. safekeeper ...  35.97
0|microsoft office excel 2007 analyze share and manage information more effectively with microsoft office excel 2007 the latest version of the most widely-used spreadsheet tool. featuring new spreadsheets that hold more data than ever before this software gives you the freedom to import organize and explore massive data sets quickly and easily and the advanced analysis tools help you make the right decisions for any situation. whether you need to create a table or write a formula excel 2007's new user interface keeps things simple and straightforward. quick table formatting and a completely redesigned charting engine that will help you better communicate your analysis in stunning charts. view larger. user-friendly operation excel 2007 helps reduce the time and frustration of learning new software with menus and commands that present the right tools when you need them. the improved help system provides tooltips and links to relevant information in microsoft office system programs or on the internet when connected. get started easily by using online tutorials with step-by-step instructions or by using some of the new out-of-the-box templates. keep your documents and sensitive information safe and secure by detecting and remove unwanted comments hidden text or personally identifiable information in your documents using the document inspector. use the data connection library to import external information and then explore this data with office excel 2007 view larger. office excel 2007 helps you analyze information by improving pivottable view creation and conditional formatting and providing full support for sql server 2005 analysis services. view larger. with the new user interface you can immediately view the most important cell-editing formatting and navigation tools. view larger. powerful productivity tools excel 2007's new results-oriented user interface to make powerful productivity tools easily accessible. it also offers more room for you to work in and delivers faster performance. based on the job you need to accomplish whether it is creating a table or writing a formula excel 2007 presents the appropriate commands to you within the new user interface. versatile options for optimum results excel 2007 gives you the option of displaying a spreadsheet dynamically as html for easier online access and excel services users can navigate sort filter input parameters and interact with pivottable views--all within a web browser. you can also publish business-critical spreadsheets to office sharepoint server 2007 and set controls over which users can view and modify spreadsheets on the server. if you want to build a custom report from an online analytical processing (olap) database the data connection library makes it a snap to connect to external sources of data. increased spreadsheet row and column capacity excel 2007 offers an increased spreadsheet row and column capacity of one million rows by 16 000 columns that enables you to import and work with massive amounts of data and achieve faster calculation performance with support for dual or multicore processors. quickly format cells and tables exactly as you want them by using cell styles and table styles galleries. tables also include autofilters while column headers stay in view when you scroll through the data so you can keep better manage data. for added convenience autofilters populate and expand any table automatically. formula authoring options to help streamline the formula authoring process excel 2007 offers a resizable formula bar and context-based formula autocomplete. you can also refer to named ranges and tables within formulas and functions. office excel 2007 and excel services provide the means to share and interact with spreadsheets in a web browser. view larger. professional-looking charts excel 2007 helps you create professional-looking charts with dramatic visual effects in just a few clicks quick table formatting and a completely redesigned charting engine that will help you better communicate your analysis. by using predefined chart layouts and chart styles or manually formatting each component (such as axes titles and other chart labels) you'll save time and increase productivity. and to make sure your charts really stand out take advantage of stunning effects such as 3-d soft shadowing and anti-aliasing to help identify key data trends and create more compelling graphical summaries. page layout view lets you see exactly how your spreadsheet will print and direct visual feedback where the page will truncate gives you the help you need to properly adjust page margins. for seamless interaction between different software applications the excel charting engine is consistent in the 2007 versions of word and powerpoint. improved spreadsheet analysis new data analysis and visualization tools help you analyze information spot trends and access your company information more easily. use conditional formatting with rich data visualization schemes to discover and illustrate important trends and highlight exceptions in your data with colored gradients (heat maps) data bars and icons. when it comes to sorting and filtering two of the most important types of basic analysis that you can do with data excel 2007 offers new tools such as multiselect in autofilters sort or filter by color and quick filters for specific data types. you can also create a pivottable or pivotchart view more easily by using data fields to reorient data quickly to summarize and find the answers you need--simply drag the fields to where you want them to display. additionally full support for microsoft sql server 2005 analysis services enables you to query your most current business data. new excel xml format reduce the file sizes of spreadsheets and improve their interoperability with other data sources by using the new excel xml format. this option enables a more efficient exchange of information and helps keep your business running smoothly. share spreadsheets and business information excel 2007 makes sharing spreadsheets and business information easier than ever before thanks to integration with excel services and the new excel xml format. excel services renders an excel spreadsheet as html so others can access the information within a web browser. other options include creating business dashboards from spreadsheets to share within a portal and tracking the key performance indicators of your business using browser-based dashboards that can be created from excel spreadsheets excel web access and office sharepoint server 2007. you can also enjoy the flexibility of saving files as xps or pdf (with the installation of an add-in) for easier sharing. effectively manage sensitive information excel 2007 and excel services enable you to manage and control spreadsheets on a server to help protect important business information and ensure that people are working with the most current data. centrally manage sensitive information by publishing spreadsheets to sharepoint server 2007. this both helps ensure that the members of your organization are working with the most current business information and prevents the spread of multiple versions of the same file. for added peace of mind you can protect confidential business information while helping to ensure people can view the data they need with report management features. using office sharepoint server 2007 your organization's it staff can set up and manage data connection libraries that enable people to more safely connect to external data sources without assistance. for added flexibility you can also use the excel services web services application programming interface (api) to integrate server calculation of excel files into other applications. microsoft 229.95|superstart! fun with reading & writing! fun with reading & writing! is designed to help kids learn to read and write better through exercises puzzle-solving creative writing decoding and more!  8.49
0|eastwest bsendorfer 290 grand piano virtual instrument the 5-star awarded pmi bdorfer 290 is simply the best sampled bdorfer 290 grand piano on the planet - and now it's available as a 24-bit plug-in for the first time. eastwest 199.95|emc deployment mgr per/u 151-250 - webexp-00250   4027
0|enterasys vpn & firewall code upgrade ( xsr-18xx-vpn-fw ) - marketing information: vpn feature set: when combined with the xsrandquot;s powerful ip routing the integrated vpn dramatically increases the performance and functionality for enterprise networking. the addition of enterprise-class vpn complements the xsrandquot;s industry-leading ip wan routing quality of service nat functionality and firewall features making it ideally suited to remote offices that require secure connectivity. customers can now take advantage of unmatched vpn capabilities for site-to-site and remote access connectivity. using the xsrandquot;s embedded vpn acceleration engine the xsr vpn security software delivers the vpn functions to meet the critical security requirements for high-speed connections that support todayandquot;s bandwidth-intensive business applications. with this software option the xsrandquot;s aggregate vpn throughput and tunnel capacity are significantly higher than competitive offerings. the vpn delivers seamless vpn interoperability with standards-based vpn gateways as well as with all major operating systemsandquot; embedded vpn clients. the softwareandquot;s flexibility is further demonstrated through its support of a rich suite of vpn protocols for both site-to-site and remote access communications. firewall feature set: enterasys firewall feature set brings a high-performance policy-managed stateful inspection multilayer firewall to the xsr platform. the addition of an enterprise-class firewall complements the xsrandquot;s indu cabletron systems 1928.07|multipurpose continuous checks use these multipurpose checks for all your paymentspayroll bills taxes and expenses.fast convenient. process your payroll and accounts payable faster - right at your personal computer word processor or typewriter. same checks do it all.no ...  91.59
0|scholastic brain play: pre-kindergarten - 1st grade scholastic's brain play preschool-1st grade is designed for growing young minds. these games will develop essential learning skills that children need most. they'll pick up important reading math logic and typing skills. special workbooks reinforce the lessons and build stronger skills through practice. topics entertainment 19.99|dvd moviefactory 6 plus corel dvd moviefactory 6 plus windows  77.32
0|quake 4 (mac) quake 4 takes you back to the front as you fight against an unrelenting alien enemy. armed with advanced weaponry and vehicles and aided by an elite squad of marines you take the battle to the heart of the strogg home planet and become earth's only hope for victory. they're regrouping but with their planetary defenses ruined you have a chance to deliver a full and final assault. you are matthew kane an elite member of rhino squad and part of earth's next invasion wave. with the makron assumed dead your squad is taking part in an operation to take advantage of the disarray and mop up the rest of the enemy forces on the strogg planet. but your drop ship gets hit and comes down hard killing a large chunk of your squadmates at the opening of the game. from there you'll pull yourself up out of the muck and get down to business. aspyr media 39.99|peachtree(r) compatible continuous checks-accounting for windows versions 3.5-7.0 compatible with peachtree(r) accounting for windows versions 3.5-7.0 software.  91.59
0|burning monkey solitaire 2005 edition burning monkey solitaire 2005 puts an all-new spin on the classic single-player card game! freeverse software 24.99|big tiny little big tiny little - a tiny little christmas 1. santa claus is coming to town 2. let it snow! let it snow! let it snow! 3. (there's no place like) home for the holidays 4. here comes santa claus 5. i'll be home for christmas 6. frosty the snowman 7. winter wonderland 8. rudolph the red-nosed ...  23.59
0|snap! 8 player poker 5 pack snap! 8 player poker 5 pack (a stock balance requires all 5 pieces be returned) manufacturer warranty:andnbsp;andnbsp;90 topics entertainment 29.06|fl72-h= cisco ios rsm firewall - upgrade license - english cisco systems fl72-h= : usually ships in 24 hours : : cisco ios (internetworking operating system) software is the platform that delivers network services and enables networked applications.  4099.5
0|instant immersion german audio instant immersion german audio (audio book) topics entertainment 0|adobe creative suite 3 design standard - complete package - 1 user - academic - windows creative suite 3 design standard software is the indispensable toolkit for professional design and print production. it combines all-new versions of essential tools for page layout image editing.  369
0|instant immersion italian 2.0 instant immersion version 2.0 moves you from a beginner to an intermediate speaker with a 5 cd-rom course of study. topics entertainment 29.99|sco operations unixware v.7.1.4 - license - da400-uw00w-7.1.4   75
0|mavis beacon teaches typing deluxe v17 mavis beacon teaches typing 17 deluxe brings back the classic typing tutorial. let mavis beacon monitor your typing skills as you complete the wide range of lessons and exercises included here. the software monitors your progress flagging your weak spots and offering challenging lessons to help you improve your keyboard skills. download lessons to your palm pilot for easy portable practice sessions straighten up your keyboarding skills -- correct your posture and physical alignment with ergonomic evaluation videos includes bonus software - perfect and update your rsum with the print shop resume pro for pc encore software 39.99|633808344078 wasp mobileinventory combo pack - w/ spt1550 - license - 1 additional mobile dev wasp bar code 633808344078 : usually ships in 24 hours : : wasp mobileinventory equips you to manage and track your inventory using your desktop pc and your palm os or wasp wdt2200 handheld! within minutes check items in and out manage item ...  409.56
0|microsoft licenses word olp c (05903871) model-059-03871 vendor- microsoft corporation features- word olp c microsoft word license/software assurance pack olp level c microsoft word is currently one of the most commonly used applications for creating critical documents such as reports letters business plans and more for the world wide web and for print. the newest version of word extends this tradition by giving users the tools they need to streamline the process of creating sharing reviewing and publishing their important documents. word version 2002 makes it easier for users to discover and use existing functionality and provides intelligent new ways for users to work with their documents. word now also makes it easier for users to share and review documents with others without changing the way they currently work. microsoft open volume license is a software-license program designed for maximum flexibility ease of use and ease of maintenance. with microsoft open volume you purchase as many licenses as you need for whichever microsoft products you prefer. in most cases you have the choice of which version of the software you wish to microsoft licenses 205.73|corel corporation ptr9engpcma ae painter ix win/mac corel painter 9 ( now in dvd case) unleashes your creative power increases your productivity and enhances your compatiblity with adobe photoshop.blend paint colors using the mixer design custom brushes with the brush creator and work more ...  89.99
0|lego star wars ii: the original trilogy for mac lego star wars ii sets players loose in the original three chapters of the star wars saga -- making this the true sequel our fans have been clamoring for. follow the rebel alliance's battle to dismantle the galactic empire and rebuild a galaxy in pieces. from darth vader's pursuit of princess leia aboard her blockade runner to a showdown on the reconstructed death star the game includes even more of the family-friendly lego action puzzles and humor that earned the original lego star wars such popularity and acclaim. feral interactive 39.99|hoyle card games turn a deck of cards into 18 games of hours of fun! enjoy the classic card games from bridge canasta euchre and solitaire to spades gin rummy go fish and so many more! included free is a friday night poker cd with 13 additional games and two ...  9.95
0|cakewalk sonar home studio 6 xl sonar home studio 6 xl makes it easy to produce professional music without being in a studio. the 64-bit double precision engine gives you pristine sound quality for unmatched music creation. active controller technology (act) dynamically re-maps effect mix and instruments to hardware controllers for easier music creation. the audiosnap suite lets you take complete control of your track while the synth rack makes automating instruments a snap. at every step of your production -- from composing with virtual instruments to recording mixing and beyond -- you'll fast forward your music production. sonar home studio xl adds value and more power with a selection of over one gigabyte of instrument sounds boost 11 peak limiter session drummer 2 drum instrument and more. 10 new professional audio effects. active controller technology (act) lets users easily control and automate effects instruments and their mix from midi controllers by automatically remapping controls to whatever has the focus rip from and burn to cd directly from sonar home studio automate tracks effects and instruments easily with enhanced automation tools. midi input quantize corrects the timing of midi performances in real-time. freeze tracks effects and virtual instruments to conserve cpu power. native and fully integrated support for vst plug-ins no wrapper required. dropzone sampler with extended library of instrument sounds including a drum pack and bass pack. cakewalk publisher lets users present and stream their music on the internet sonar home studio xl exclusives - boost 11 peak limiter - get more volume and punch from your final mix with this easy to use peak limiter/maximizer. boost 11 gives you professional results with a simple to use interface / dimension le - a special version of the synth from cakewalk. features over 400 sound programs ranging from real bass organ and electric piano samples t cakewalk 209|babnur1111s01 brightstor arcserve backup for netware w/sp1 - ( v. 11.1 ) - version upgrade pac computer associates international babnur1111s01 : usually ships in 24 hours : : delivering reliable recovery & backup for your distributed environment centered around novell netware backup servers this easy to use solution protects your novell ...  379.23
0|sudoku unlimited + crossword addict 2cd set an addicting puzzle phenomenon ever!product informationsudoku is the fascinating new puzzle that is taking the world by storm!millions of people buy newspapers for the daily sudoku puzzle a new addictiveritual as necessary a routine as that morning jolt o global software publishing north america inc 19.99|neil diamond the neil diamond collection 1. cherry cherry 2. desiree 3. brooklyn roads 4. brother love's traveling salvation show 5. crackin' rosie 6. hello again 7. holly holy 8. solitary man 9. song sung blue 10. sweet caroline.  22.13
0|test and improve your memory (dvd box) test and improve your memory is a personal trainer for the mind. for your brain to operate it is peak it needs regular exercise. keep it in shape by improving your memory functions through these memory-strengthening games. tri synergy 29.99|cabprenaen150 ca business protection suite for microsoft small business server premium edition computer associates international cabprenaen150 : usually ships in 24 hours : : the ca business protection suite for microsoft small business server premium edition delivers a full range of antivirus anti-spyware data protection and desktop ...  666.65
0|adobe contribute cs3 [mac] adobe contribute cs3 software enables anyone to quickly and easily update existing websites and blogs. with adobe contribute cs3 content authors can post and publish content to multiple websites and blogs from a single application or publish directly from within microsoft office applications. easily update web content for professional web designers web developers and website administrators ensuring that website and blog content remains fresh and current is an enormous challenge. often this means delegating the responsibility for updating web content and blog entries to numerous contributors which can put website integrity at risk especially when disparate tools are used for the different tasks. with adobe contribute cs3 anyone can quickly and easily update multiple websites and blogs using a single application--without compromising site integrity. simply browse to the website that needs updating or the blog that requires a new entry make changes to the content using adobe contribute cs3 and publish when finished. you can also publish content directly from microsoft word excel or outlook. use one tool for publishing to multiple websites and blogs with adobe contribute cs3 anyone can update website content or create blog entries using a single application. true wysiwyg authoring capabilities let users edit any website or blog in three simple steps dramatically reducing editing time. alternatively authors can publish directly from within microsoft office applications in a few clicks. just open the document that contains the content you want to post click publish and select the target website or blog. even rich media images movies and adobe flash (flv) files can be easily included in any website or blog using adobe contribute cs3. in edit mode just drag the file onto the website or blog entry. adobe contribute cs3 automatically uploads and posts it to the site when published. because authors edit content and add images in their actual context on the website or blog before publishing content length and style as well as image sizes are right the first time. with contribute cs3 you can embed pdf documents directly into your web page or blog entry. you can also convert your microsoft office documents to adobe pdf and insert them into a web page.* maintain website integrity seamless integration between adobe contribute cs3 and dreamweaver templates ensures that your website's look and feel is maintained even when multiple authors update content across the site. web designers and developers can create page templates with editable regions during website creation and then delegate routine content updates to business users. because content authors can update only the areas designated by the designer or webmaster the website always appears as the designer intended. and just like dreamweaver adobe contribute cs3 preserves code quality and formats through the editing process. top reasons to buy adobe contribute cs3 unified web publishing publish to multiple websites and blogs from a single application. easy flash (flv) upload include adobe flash (flv) files in websites and blogs by simply dragging and dropping the file onto the web page or into the blog entry during edit. contribute cs3 automatically uploads the file and posts it to the site on publish. compatible with windows vista and intel based macs adobe contribute cs3 works on intel and powerpc based macs and on windows xp and windows vista systems. quick web page and blog posting from microsoft office publish content directly from within microsoft office applications using the template of your choice significantly reducing your editing time. contribute cs3 adds buttons to your office applications that allow you to publish directly to a website or post to a blog without even opening contribute. wsiwyg blog templates enjoy the convenience of authoring blog entries offline in your own template with convenient wysiwyg layout and full-featured text editing. drag and drop rich media elements directly into your blog as you edit it. editing from internet explorer 7 and firefox 2 use contribute browser buttons to edit the page you are browsing or to post its content to a blog. the latest versions of internet explorer and firefox browsers are now supported. convenient pdf support embed pdf documents directly into your web page or blog entry. conveniently convert microsoft office documents to pdf and then insert them into your web page.* standard protocol support post your updates using any standard file transfer web-authoring or blogging protocol including ftp sftp webdav metaweblog and atom. * requires the installation of adobe acrobat software sold separately. acrobat cs3 professional is included with adobe creative suite 3 web premium and master collection. adobe 149|fogware hyb space dvd macintosh: dvd drive sound card & system no installation required windows: win 2000 xp with minimum memory of 128 megbytes dvd drive sound card & system no installation required  21.99
0|wasp bar code - wasp bar code labeler - complete package - 3 users - std - cd -  wasp technologies 0|ma166z/a ilife '06 - complete package - 1 user - dvd - mac apple computer ma166z/a : usually ships in 24 hours : : ilife '06 the must-have update to apple's award-winning suite of digital lifestyle applications delivers major upgrades to iphoto imovie hd idvd and garageband plus an innovative new ...  72.74
0|play music together mac play music together makes it easy to play guitar and sing with your kids. create and share your own version of the song! we teach families to make music together. this product features capo a puppet who helps children develop musical skills! iplaymusic 39.99|the printshop pro publisher v22 deluxe dvd-rom overview create professional projects with all the tools you need in one complete package! this powerful version of the print shop deluxe is loaded with all of your favorite features and even more valuable tools and programs than ever before. ...  69.9
0|micromat podlock (mac) podlock is for anyone who gets a lot of use out of their ipods and wants to keep them secure. podlock allows you to seamlessly backup and restore your primary ipod volume to your macintosh drive (excluding your music files). it also optimizes the data on your ipod. by using podlock's defragment tool your ipod's drive will run faster. songs will load more quickly and data can be retrieved much faster. hide your important files. in an invisible partition for added security. micromat 69|isi researchsoft 5229 endnote 9 academic (schools faculty & non-academics) search online bibliographic databases organize their references and images and create bibliographies and figure lists instantly with endnote 9. 5229 isi researchsoft isi researchsoft 98.99
0|checkmark multiledger give your growing business a financial edge with checkmark multiledger a fully integrated accounting system. multiledger combines accounts payable accounts receivable inventory bank reconciliation and more in one program. including features and capabilities similar to those found in products that cost thousands of dollars multiledger integrates with checkmark's payroll and can network up to 10 users each with their own password and security options. users can set up multiledger at any time of the year and select a chart of accounts from the samples provided. easy set-up templates are included and transactions can be posted to any of 15 open months. data files can be imported and exported. a drill-down feature gives users instant access to gl journals customer reports and vendor reports. multiledger's users can enter transactions quickly using convenient pop-up lists. functions like converting a quote to an invoice or transforming a purchase order to a payable require only the click of a button. multiledger's files run cross-platform so you get both windows and macintosh versions in the same box. checkmark software 399|holdan edius nx express for hdv - realtime dv / hdv video production let the groundbreaking grass valley edius nx express take you to the world of high definition video production. use any mix of hd and sd video content work with unlimited video audio title and graphics layers and any combination of realtime ...  1232.58
0|monopoly here & now  encore 19.95|microsoft onenote 2007 upgrade (pc) key features: professional content share your documents business integration better manage content owner's instructions...  79.95
0|mavis beacon teaches typing 17 standard for the past 12 years in a row mavis beacon teaches typing has been the best-selling typing tutorial on the market and has garnered over 15 prestigious awards including the teacher's choice and parent's choice awards. with the mavis beacon teaches typing 17 that tradition is certain to continue with several new and advanced performance-based programs that adjust to your skill level and provide instant feedback on every exercise. polish your typing skills to finish work faster and put yourself on the path to maximum productivity and higher salaries. view larger. exercise your typing fingers with more than 188 practice lessons and 91 custom lessons. view larger. with the information technology economy expanding with no end in sight keeping up with your typing skills is more important than ever. knowing how to type fast and accurately is not a job for just secretaries and data entry personnel any more; writers web developers and professionals in all fields can improve their income potential and value by optimizing their typing speed and accuracy. mavis beacon teaches typing 17 helps you to exercise your typing fingers with more than 188 practice lessons and 91 custom lessons. a truly interactive program mavis beacon teaches typing 17 analyzes your typing patterns and helps you to eliminate bad habits. and to customize your learning experience the software lets you choose the user profile that best suits your abilities including a special kids and teens profile. to help keep young typists motivated the program has 10 arcade-style games that make practicing fun. and now that text messaging has become a staple of modern life typing is no longer limited to the qwerty keyboard! mavis beacon offers practice in both text messaging including the use of truly gr8 shortcuts that will increase your messaging sklz and make you extremely :>). the software also has exercises designed to improve your html coding. an enhanced user interface is compatible with wide screen laptops and leaves your desktop more accessible even while the program is running. and to make typing as fun as possible you can even jazz up your lessons by importing your own mp3 files to listen to while you practice. encore software 19.99|topics entertainment instant play keyboard v2.0 instant play keyboard on dvd-rom hits all the right keys for fast flexible pc-based keyboard instruction on four progressive software discs. keyboard foundation offers a comprehensive beginner?s curriculum covering everything from reading music ...  17.55
0|snap! hair styler studio snap! hair styler studio (win 98 me nt 2000 xp) topics entertainment 4.99|hummingbird ltd mampi665000m1100p nfs maestro solo 2006 1u hummingbird ltd 175.96
0|learn to play chess with fritz and chesster (mac) learn to play chess with fritz & chesster lets you be king for a day in a world where chess rules! viva media 29.99|encyclopedia britannica profiles: dinosaurs! what makes dinosaurs so interesting? click your way through the evolution of dinosaurs in an interactive timeline. comprehensive and engaging it's the one source for all ages on this captivating subject. also includes a dinosaur family tree.  8.95
0|sony sound forge audio studio 8 sound forge audio studio 8 is the professional's choice for audio editing recording effects processing streaming content creation and more. these tools make it easy to record audio on your pc. just plug a microphone or instrument into your computer's sound card set your recording levels and click record. capture instruments vocals keyboards or just about anything that can be connected to your computer's sound card input.if you want to record music edit and restore audio create streaming media and burn songs to cd sound forge audio studio software is all you need. multiple effects - effects amplitude modulation chorus delay distortion dynamics flange/wah-wah noise gate and more track at once cd burning with drag-and-drop cd extraction simple dtmf/mf synthesis with sweep express fx vinyl restoration tool real-time loop tuning window record meters and record function video and media encoding support - windows media 9 realmedia 9 quicktime 6 mpeg-1 & 2 multiple timing tools -- absolute frames measures and beats smpte ebu/film sync and more tools for acid software - create your own loops assign root notes number of beats and tempo sony pictures digital entertainment 69.99|vegas + dvd sony key features: three features in one professional dvds...  899.99
0|sony acid music studio acid music studio 6 was designed for the serious home recording musician. it ahs all the tools you'd use in a professional studio turning your pc into a one-stop mixing and engineering device. supports import editing transcoding and exporting in wav mp3 and other popular formats burn your perfect mix cd or publish your music online sony pictures digital entertainment 69.99|computrace lojack for laptops - 1 year license (win 2000 xp) computrace lojack for laptops is a software-enabled recovery service that allows law enforcement to recover stolen laptops. if your laptop is stolen and isn t recovered within 30 days we will refund your purchase of lojack for laptops. system ...  49.95
0|3d home architect landscape designer v8 with 3d home architect landscape designer 8.0 you can visualize the perfect landscape and make it into reality! create the home landscape you've always dreamed of in just a few simple steps. a single interface design makes it quick and easy to design your home and yard at the same time without switching programs or interfaces. the quick floorplan designer lets you drag and drop to create complete floor plans. encore software 29.99|yamaha godspell - original off-off-broadway cast recording smart pianosoft this innovative software series enables your disklavier mark iii piano to perform with the world's most popular cds! using yamaha's pianosmart technology this companion diskette will magically empower your disklavier mark iii to accompany the ...  18.5
0|passwords plus 1.0 passwords plus stores all your personal information safely and securely in one spot. keep your pins passwords credit card numbers bank accounts frequent flyer info and more from falling into the wrong hands. the software synchronizes your pc and mobile devices always ensuring your personal information is up-to-date when and where you need it. you can even synchronize your handheld with both your work and home pc. also it keeps your personal information truly safe and secure with industry-standard 128-bit blowfish encryption so your information is safe whether it is stored on your pc handheld or smartphone. dataviz 29.99|beginner's guitar course vol. 1 introducing the guitar with chords and strumming. cd-rom software. with cd-rom. 9x12 inches. published by emedia. hal leonard is pleased to introduce this multimedia cd-rom series from emedia music the leading publisher of music instruction ...  19.95
0|the computrace lojack for laptops computer tracking and loss control solution by the computrace lojack for laptops computer tracking and loss control solution by absolute software inc. comprised of absolute s secure patented computrace agent and the absolute monitoring center. price is per laptop.4-year computrace lojack lenovo 0|peachtree(r) compatible continuous checks-accounting for windows 8.0-2004 version compatible with peachtree(r) accounting for windows 8.0-2004 version software.continuous check size: 9 1/2in. x 7in..  91.59
0|poser figure artist poser figure artist win 2000 - xp/mac os 10.2 or later efrontier 99.99|apple mac os x v10.4 tiger software - family pack apple & mac software mac os x v10.4 tiger operating system software - five license family pack the mac os x v10.4 tiger software family pack is apple's fifth major release of the osx operating system. it includes innovations that continue to push performance and speed ...  199.95
0|zonealarm anti-spyware 1 year protection zonealarm's powerful anti-spyware protection stops spyware before it gets on your pc. it also scans for and removes spyware already on it and offers extra protection from dangerous spyware websites. it combines the robust security features computer experts demand with automatic functions that make it simple enough for novices to use. delivers proactive firewall protection with multiple layers of security that stop inbound outbound and program attacks while remaining completely invisible to hackers guards the network perimeter from inbound and outbound threats with the world's 1 firewall prevents spyware and other malicious programs from sending your personal information across the internet automatically makes your computer invisible to anyone on the internet protects your programs from malware smartdefense advisor automatically adjusts your security settings for maximum protection against the latest virus and spyware outbreaks includes defensenet an early warning system that gathers data from the zone labs user community on the latest spyware and malware outbreaks leverages this vast user knowledge by including it in signature updates that protect your pc from the latest spyware attacks system requirements - windows 2000 pro/xp / pentium iii 450 mhz or higher. 50mb of available hard disk space. internet access. minimum system ram - 64mb (2000 pro) 128mb (xp) vista compatible zone labs 29.99|11105972 symantec backup exec 11d for windows small business server agent for windows sys symantec 11105972 : usually ships in 24 hours : : symantec backup exec agent for windows systems includes the remote agent for windows servers and the continuous protection agent.  320.66
0|power director 3 powerdirector 3 - it's everything you need to enhance your camcorder videos! turn simple home movies into high-quality productions with the suite of editing tools included here. svrt ii dv quickscan for faster scanning and rendering of digital video burn your recordings right to cd or dvd with the easy authoring program dolby digital & ac3 decoding support for better audio and even soundtracks avanquest publishing usa inc. 79.95|charles-louis hanon phillip keveren hanon exercises includes ten exercises.  17.81
0|middle school advantage 2008 middle school advantage 2008 delivers award-winning content that supplements what your child learns in class. in-depth lessons with sample problems and questions teach reinforce and track student progress in the core subjects. it was specially developed to supplement classroom curriculum by including award-winning content that support state standards. encore 39.99|5325301935 snap enterprise data replicator - license - 1 additional server - linux unix w adaptec 5325301935 : usually ships in 24 hours : : the trend toward distributed enterprises whether they are branch offices remote development centers or offshore entities has lead to a marked increase in the distribution of mission-critical ...  4401.41
0|cakewalk sonar 6 producer ed sonar 6 producer is the definitive choice for music creation and audio production designed to take you from inspiration to masterpiece faster than ever before. at every step of your production -- from composing with virtual instruments to recording mixing and beyond -- sonar gives you the professional tools and inspiring canvas that adapt to your unique style of music creation. change the way you work with instruments forever through sonar 6's innovative new active controller technology (act). tighten up your entire band with the revolutionary new audiosnap feature set. and sound better than ever with the new vc-64 vintage channel and sonar's industry-leading 64-bit double precision mix engine. modular transport provides easy playback control and vital visual feedback analyst spectrum analyzer clip editing enhancements including lock to time work seamlessly with vst plug-ins -- vst support is now integrated into sonar 6 and no longer requires an external vst to dx adapter read/write controls for tracks and plug-ins enable automation during playback and record visual automation cues & more fast zoom enables fast precise edits without losing your place mouse wheel support for parameter control and zoom import 64-bit floating point audio files and stream them at their native resolution from 64-bit tracks crash recovery safeguards your projects against faulty plug-ins and other sources of crashes back up projects with time/date stamps for easy access to old versions user-customizable plug-in menus for easy organization and grouping custom color schemes with saturation hue brightness controls and color categories for easy cakewalk 799|encore software 13840 - defcon: global nuclear domination game - win 98 me 2000 xp vista encore software 13840 : defcon is the only game that allows players to rain nuclear death on the enemy and rack up kill counts in the 10s of millions! system requirements: windows 98/me/2000 sp4/xp (home & pro) sp2/vista pentium iii 600 mhz ...  18.97
0|photoshop elements 4 mac retail eng 1u (19230169) - marketing information: adobe photoshop elements 4.0 software combines power and simplicity to help you do it all. edit and enhance your photos by fixing common flaws instantly or using advanced options for more control. keep every photo at your fingertips. and show off your creativity in even more entertaining ways including cards calendars and more. product information - software sub type: image editing - software name: photoshop elements v.4.0 for macintosh - complete product - features and benefits: creatively edit and enhance your photos: - quickly retouch specific areas - instantly fix common flaws - perform advanced editing - enhance your photos and create composites - fine-tune your cameraandquot;s raw files show photos in entertaining ways: - share printed photos in creative ways - share photos online - keep e-mail sizes small - animate photos for the web - share photos on mobile phones and handhelds easily find and view your photos: - see all your photos in one place - view photos full screen - know where your photos are - search by metadata - pinpoint your search - platform support: mac license information - license type: complete product - license pricing: standard - license quantity: 1 user adobe 145.39|fogware publishing middle school life science - classification & ecology learn about the five kingdoms of life as well as the ecology of forests grasslands ponds deserts swamps seashores and man-made communities. features: interactive tutoring printable tests to monitor progress  6.84
0|acrobat pro 8 mac ed 1u cd acrobat pro 8 mac ed 1u cd adobe education box 159|corel(r) paint shop pro xi corel paint shop pro photo xi is an ideal choice for anyone who wants to create extraordinary digital photos. from automatic photo fixes to precision editing controls and hundreds of special effect filters these one-of-a-kind photo tools are sure ...  99.99
0|podmaxx '07 apple designed the ipod experience in a ?walled garden' format funneling users to their itunes store to buy their music and make it difficult to buy music elsewhere. podmaxx ?07 offers a real solution to this problem enabling ipod owners to buy music anywhere they like for the best price no matter how eclectic their taste. not only can podmaxx ?07 let ipod owners buy ipod music anywhere you can also copy music and playlists from any ipod to their pc create free ringtones from any music fil collection transfer any dvd to their ipod burn music to cd directly from any ipod turn an ipod into a portable hard drive to backup valuable data sync email and contacts (including outlook) view the latest news weather movie start times and their locations ? all with one application. podmaxx ?07 is the perfect digital music companion for itunes and your ipod. podmaxx ?07 organizes your music videos and photos and fixes mislabeled songs. rip and watch your dvd movies anywhere. read your email on your morning commute. burn cds right off any ipod connected to your pc. use your ipod as portable storage device and backup your pc. burn audio cds straight from any ipod - not only can you copy everything off your ipod back to your pc but you can also burn any music files from your ipod striaght to cd. podmaxx automatically formats the files for burning to the cd format that plays in any cd player carry hours of dvd movies in your pocket burn files to cd straight off their ipod protect music collections from loss with full pc backup carry news weather movie info backup an entire pc system requirements - windows 2000 or xp; itunes 4.7 or later installed; microsoft. net framework 1.1 installed supports apple ipod - mini (4 & 6 gb) as well as all 10 20 & 60 gb ipods and nano bling 29.99|punch software 10603 - concepts 3d cad design punch software 10603 : punch software concepts 3d cad design - 10603  247.97
0|upgrade emc retrospect 7.5 multi server windows only upg emc retrospect 7.5 multi cromserver windows only dantz 0|adventure workshop preschool-1st grade 8th edition win introduce your child to an exciting on-screen learning environment brimming with award-winning adventures that will build essential skills while having fun.introduce your child to an exciting on-screen learning environment brimming with ...  18.36
0|midway arcade treasures (jewel case) midway arcade treasures (win 98 me 2000 xp) encore software 9.99|qb credit card kit 3.0 quickbooks credit card kit v3.0 (2007) intuit 25.99
0|pantone reference library model- gps206 vendor- pantone features- pantone reference library pantone reference library is the perfect tool for design firms print shops corporate communications or anyone who requires a complete source for graphic color choices. the latest library has been designed with a bold new look to display the most innovative collection of pantone guides and books ever offered: - formula guides (coated uncoated matte) - color bridge coated - solid in hexachrome guide coated - metallic formula guide + chips - pastel formula guide + chips - tints four-guide set - 4-color process guides (coated uncoated) - solid chips three-book set manufacturer warranty:andnbsp;andnbsp;90 days pantone inc. 1623.06|adobe after effects professional 7.0 software effects software after effects professional 7.0 software for mac os x the after effects professional 7.0 software for mac os x from adobe is a powerful 2d and 3d compositing software suite. it features hundreds of effects and animation presets to bring a new ...  998.95
0|microsoft visual studio team suite 2005 with msdn premium (cd & dvd) microsoft visual studio team suite 2005 programs with msdn premium represents one of the most significant developer tools releases since the introduction of visual studio nearly a decade ago. it offers developers of all types a wider spectrum of development possibilities and a greatly advanced design experience. team foundation server can track the versions of files under source control keep a record of their change history. view larger. easily find track and view bugs by using the bug list report. view larger. team edition for software architects includes the new application designer a visual design surface that helps software architects design configure implement and deploy service-oriented applications. view larger. the data that visual studio team system collects from the on-chip performance counters describes how your code behaves at its lowest level -- literally how the machine code is performing. view larger. microsoft visual studio team system is an entirely new series of productive integrated life-cycle tools that help development teams communicate and collaborate more effectively. it provides tools to support the entire software development team -- software architects developers and testers -- for a far more efficient development process. combining visual studio team system role-based products into an integrated suite of applications that address the needs of multifunctional roles in an organization the visual studio 2005 team suite includes team edition for software architects team edition for software developers and team edition for software testers. included is an msdn premium subscription that provides continuous priority access to the technologies you need to support visual studio team system and build a broad range of applications and web services. visual studio team system also includes the microsoft solutions framework (msf). msf is a highly customizable scalable fully integrated set of software development processes principles and proven practices designed to deliver the type of guidance desired by the user when and where it is needed. msf provides a seamless experience with visual studio team system for process automation and guidance within the software development life cycle. a better way to collaboratei today's software systems comprise numerous distributed services spanning platforms protocols programming languages and even geographies. successful deployment of advanced solutions depends on bridging the communication gap between development and operations so that the entire it department is represented early and often throughout the software life cycle. visual studio team system offers tightly integrated and extensible tools that enable software development teams to develop more efficiently by improving communication and collaboration throughout the development process. with team suite the project manager testers developers and architect know where they are on the project at all times. that means less time in meetings and on e-mail or the phone and more time delivering high quality. visual studio team features visual studio team system features a world-class development environment built on top of visual studio 2005 professional edition. with team system you can publish and administer web sites more easily with the powerful combination of asp .net 2.0 and visual studio 2005. with the built-in publishing features such as integrated file transfer protocol (ftp) you can keep files in your local project and synchronize them with files located on a remote web server. visual studio automatically logs copied files which helps you to identify whether the remote site has been updated with the latest files. and to help protect your site and your ip you can precompile a web site to publish only executable code no source files to your production server. team system also gives you the ability to clean all those unwanted files out of your solution in a one-click operation. simply choose clean solution from the build menu and all the intermediate files and output directories in your whole solution will be removed. the deployment designer in team edition for software architects allows application designs to be validated for deployment within a particular datacenter identifying possible issues before the deployment begins. service oriented applications often involve multiple components that may reside on different servers and have a variety of configuration and communication requirements. the team edition for software architects deployment designer can be used to validate an application for deployment in a particular datacenter. validation detects many common deployment issues allowing the development team to resolve them before deployment occurs. this has the potential to greatly reduce the complexity of service oriented application deployments. visual studio team edition for testers provides the ability to gather and store detailed information about how an application performs under different types of load. team edition also lets you customize visual studio with your own internal tools or use supplemental products from more than 190 microsoft partners optimizing your team's development flexibility. msdn premium subscriptions visual studio 2005 team suite also includes an msdn premium subscription. an msdn premium subscription provides continuous priority access to the technologies you need to support visual studio team system and build a broad range of applications and web services including the latest versions of windows server 2003 windows 2000 server windows 2000 professional windows 2000 advanced server windows xp professional edition windows xp home edition and future windows releases. (usage rights are limited to development and testing only.) with the subscription your technical support includes unlimited usage of msdn managed newsgroups for online support with a guaranteed response time of two business days phone-based support incidents and free access to msdn online concierge for nontechnical questions regarding navigation of the msdn site knowledge base article searches and msdn subscriber downloads. also continuously updated technical content is available through the msdn library which offers comprehensive programming information code samples sample applications technical documentation and articles and the microsoft developer knowledge base. microsoft 10949|clipart & more 250000 (jc) top-quality royalty-free images use these royalty-free images in any project advertising brochures newsletters postcards craft projects labels posters with any print publishing program! over 25000 images on cd-rom 225000 web images online ...  9.9
0|punch! master landscape & home design plan out your perfect home & garden with the set of applications available here! / for windows take a virtual walkthrough of your home & garden when you're done to get a feel for the layout experiment with lighting and shadows you'll have the design of your dreams by the time you're through! punch! software 99.99|fundamentals of software engineering by carlo ghezzi 9780133056990 the long-awaited second edition of fundamentals of software engineering presents the fundamental principles of software engineering and illustrates the application of those principles in the different phases of software development. it stresses the ...  107
0|ca brightstor arcserve backup r11.5 for enterprise option for advantage ingres for arcserve bkup 11.5 linux ent opt adv ingr prod only computer associates 0|adobe cs3 design standard upsell system requirements powerpc g4 or g5 or intel core processor mac os x v10.4.8 java runtime environment 1.5 1gb ram 5.3gb free hard-disk space (additional space required during installation) 1024 x 768 display resolution with 16-bit video card ...  934.99
0|the little mermaid/beauty and the beast contains the following songs: 1. fathoms below 2. daughters of triton 3. part of your world 4. under the sea 5. part of your world reprise 6. poor unfortunate souls 7. les poissons 8. kiss the girl 9. belle 10. belle reprise 11. gaston 12. gaston reprise 13. be our guest 14. something there 15. the mob song 16. beauty and the beast yamaha 34.95|bablur1150s06 brightstor arcserve backup enterprise option for advantage ingres for linux - ( computer associates international bablur1150s06 : usually ships in 24 hours : : the brightstor arcserve backup enterprise option for ingres enables hot fast non-disruptive backups and efficient restores for ingres database users.  632.18
0|john deere: busy days in deerfield valley dig build and play in the valley! there is a lot to do in deerfield valley the busy town where danny dozer and his friends live work and play. danny barney backhoe eddie excavator and friends are ready to get to work whether it's building a new library fixing the bridge or digging holes for water pipes. features: explore deerfield valley: meet danny dozer and his friends move their buckets and blades and try to catch a rascally raccoon as you explore the town of deerfield valley. pipework: help eddie excavator lay water pipes for the new construction area. match colors to choose the right pipe before danny dozer fills in the hole! fix the bridge: help luke loader bring the planks for the deerfield valley bridge. the planks are all different shapes and only one plank will fit. can you find the right one? build the new library: help danny dozer clean the construction site for the library by moving bricks and pipes into a pile. sandbox play zone: you can be danny dozer barney backhoe eddie excavator grady grader or luke loader! dig holes push dirt and gravel and scoop sand at a busy work site. surprise delivery: help j.t. through the maze of roads and help him deliver a surprise to his friends in deerfield valley. pick the correct path and get j.t. and his surprise to the center of town. destineer publishing 19.99|the print shop(r) 22 the print shop 22 is like having your own creative agency at home! includes over 250000 images and graphics plus more than 18000 project templates. endless new images tools colors projects and artistic effects give you the power to create ...  29.99
0|peachtree by sage premium accounting 2007 peachtree premium accounting 2007 is a comprehensive solution that provides advanced accounting features. its general ledger accounts payable and accounts receivables make it easier than ever to manage financial data while archiving it more easily. create open modify and save client files for easier and better financial management. sage software 499.99|freeverse software 005 - solace (mac 9.1-9.x 10.1 or higher) freeverse software 005 : turn-based strategy board game in the tradition of axis & allies. solo and online play for up to six players. units include archers cavalry sloops and catapults. the world of solace awaits for those who dare! system ...  18.97
0|kaplan sat/act/psat platinum 2007 win/mac kaplan has helped more than 3 million students score higher on admission exams and get into the nation's top colleges and universities. kaplan's effective program of practice review and test-taking strategies has made higher score sat act psat the bestselling test prep software brand. you wil score higher. completely redesigned for the new sat changes to the sat for 2006: verbal section renamed critical reading elimination of verbal section analogy questions paragraph-length critical reasoning questions added to the critical reading section algebra ii material added to the math section quantitative comparisons eliminated from the math section new 2-part writing section featuring essay & multiple-choice sub-sections new 2400 perfect sat score (800 per critical reading math & writing sections) essential review offers a critical second look at exam sub-sections providing supplemental strategies and study materials. kaplan guidebooks: straight talk about paying for college parent's guide to college admissions topics entertainment 49.99|onone software inc. mpr-40212 - on1 mask pro v.4.0 - upgrade - graphics/designing - 1 user - upgrade package - standard - pc mac onone software inc. mpr-40212 : onone software inc. on1 mask pro v.4.0 - upgrade - graphics/designing - 1 user - upgrade package - standard - pc mac - mpr-40212 specifications : manufacturer : onone software manufacturer part number : mpr-40212 ...  66.97
0|sibelius 5 educational edition the fastest smartest easiest way to write music is now even better. whatever your musical style sibelius 5 makes writing scores a breeze - giving you more time to focus on the music. stunning new features like panorama mean you dont need to think about pages while youre composing or arranging. you can just let you creativity flow. ideas hub is a real first for music software. it lets you instantly capture your musical ideas and then find them again in a second - so youll never lose another idea. plus new high-quality built-in sounds play back your scores with astounding realism because theres no better way to perfect your music than by hearing it. you can create audio files which can be converted to mp3s or burned to cd produce instrumental parts effortlessly compose for video sell your music online and do hundreds of other things you might never have dreamed of. sibelius software ltd. 329|phillip keveren - 501056 - hollywood volume 1 1. arthur's theme 2. axel f 3. love theme ?out of africa? 4. raiders march 5. the way he makes me feel 6. somewhere out there 7. cantina band 8. princess leia's theme 9. against all odds 10. can you read my mind 11. the windmills of your mind/  23.59
0|webroot spy sweeper antispyware 5.x spy sweeper (small box) (win 98 me 2000 xp) webroot software 29.95|sims 2 season expansion pack final system requirements will be set approximately 4-6 weeks to a game?s ship date.  37.99
0|easy home massage - dvd let a registered massage therapist guide you through a series of lessons carefully designed to reduce aches and pains. male or female young or old youll soon discover why theres nothing like massage for relaxing your body and soothing away the stresses and strains of your busiest day. selectmedia entertainment 19.95|brain play 1st-3rd grade boost growing minds with the brain-building activities of brain play! earn money to play arcade games by solving real-world math challenges around the stores of spectacle city! conduct experiments build your own mars rover play trivia games & more ...  17.9
0|the print shop 21 standard by broderbund yellow cyan magenta - ink cartridge(s) encore software 0|web page designer gold overview the complete web site creation management and publishing program offers you the most in web authoring system software. includes the latest and newest features in web authoring and design. features over 40 site styles free form design ...  36.9
0|omnioutliner professional 3.0  csdc 69.95|global software a1826m2w - dk amazing animals 1.1 - win 95 98 2000 xp vista global software a1826m2w : meet your cd host henry a delightful 3-d animated lizard who will lead you through the wonderful world of the animal kingdom! the amazing animal expert notebook is packed with photos maps sounds and amazing animal facts ...  9.08
0|systemsuite 8 professional  individual software 49.99|dr. john (mac rebennack) homespun dr. john teaches new orleans piano - dvd one imagine being able to see as well as hear the amazing piano styles of the great dr. john ? up close! this one-hour dvd is jammed full of powerful playing slowed-down instruction and the wonderful personality of one of the premier artists of our ti  22.13
0|pitstop pro 7.0 pitstop pro 7.0 enfocus software 699|633808550578 wasp time pro magstripe solution - ( v. 5 ) - complete package - 5 administrator wasp bar code 633808550578 : usually ships in 24 hours : in stock : with wasptime - magstripe time and attendance system you can enjoy the benefits of an automated employee time tracking system with the security of a magstripe employee time clock ...  930.14
0|apple logic pro 7.2 retail logic pro 7.2 offers you the state-of-the-art loop composition tools with new instruments and effects to change the way you compose record edit and mix music. with its distributed audio processing you'll have audio and music production that you never imagined. innovative software instruments combined with apple loops browsing and editing give you editing and producing in a truly professional environment. acoustic eq matching pitch correction on improper intonation on vocals or force to monotone add a haunting metallic sheen with the ringshifter save all channel settings and parameters for future projects with recall channel strips control tempo signature and more through global tracks apply crossfades to overlapping regions and use shuffle editing to prevent regions from overlapping software instrument layering lets you play multiple software instruments simultaneously drag and drop audio and edit zones graphically 32-channel support for multi-channel audio units instruments playback aac and apple lossless files directly with no conversion of compressed files new garageband plug-ins - ducking(automated voiceover volume reduction) & speech enhancer improved rewire support serato pitch 'n time support for rich and natural-sounding results even at extreme settings includes the same jingles and sound effects library that ship with ilife '06 apple 999|t07-00449 microsoft business solutions crm sales standard - software assurance - 1 user - microsoft t07-00449 : usually ships in 24 hours : : accessible from microsoft outlook and the web microsoft crm sales helps sales people manage leads and opportunities measure and forecast sales activity efficiently track customer communications ...  335.47
0|onone software pxl smartscale ( windows and macintosh ) pxl smartscale offers an way to scale images up with no discernable loss in printed quality. it features the most accurate advanced image scaling via pixellive technology. the scaling is simple with intuitive tools full screen preview and simple image navigation. refine the quality of your scaled image -- you'll have complete control of the overall sharpness edge contrast and detail. if your images have defined edges that you need to keep well-defined as you increase the resolution you need pxl smartscale. onone software 0|intuit quicken basic 2007 software for windows tax & finance software quicken basic 2007 software for windows the quicken basic 2007 software for windows from intuit is a software package that is designed to help you track your personal finances. it allows you to create a budget schedule bill payments verify accuracy ...  29.95
0|learn to play keyboard (jewel case) with learn to play keyboard you can avoid shelling out for expensive music lessons. it's a great interactive tecahing approach for people of all ages! customizable ear-training program helps you learn to play any song after listening to it interactive song player lets you change tempos adjust audio levels and record your performance includes 336-page essential dictionary of music alfred publishing 9.99|29180162 adobe photoshop elements 4.0 plus adobe premiere elements 2.0 - complete package adobe systems 29180162 : usually ships in 24 hours : : adobe photoshop elements 4.  138.28
0|guitar tool - worship edition  midisoft corporation 0|j4300-ipsec-ltu juniper networks ipsec license for j4300 - license - 1 device juniper networks j4300-ipsec-ltu : usually ships in 24 hours : : juniper networks transforms the business of networking.  840
0|crystal reports 11 reporting essentials trng cbt crystal reports is a reporting tool kit that helps you rapidly create flexible feature-rich reports and integrate them into web and windows applications. business objects 199.99|freeverse software 010 wingnuts 2 - raina's revenge baron von schtopwatch is back in this all new adventure! using a cutting edge opengl engine a new arsenal including beam weapons spawning ground installations harsh robot ai and endless maps. wingnuts 2 takes you on a fantastic journey to over ... freeverse software 23.95
0|alien disco safari in the fall of 1977 nasa launched deep probe nine into space. in hopes of making contact with extraterrestrial life forms scientists crammed the shuttle with cultural mementos photos and even disco records! some years later deep probe nine was picked up by an alien species who took an unearthly liking to the disco records and now they've invaded earth in search of disco! load up your weapons and stop them before it's too late! compatible with windows vista encore 19.99|sage (ptree) premium accounting for manufacturing 2007 multi-user peachtree by sage premium accounting for manufacturing 2007 multi-user value pack provides 5-named user access with screen-level access control advanced accounting and analysis tools and manufacturing-specific reports. premium features include ...  1180.37
0|victorymul submitwolf version 6.0 ( swolf6r ) submitwolf v6.0 by trellian llc win 9x/me/nt/2000/xp victory multimedia 149.99|543-03927 microsoft office outlook 2007 - media - volume - cd - win - english microsoft 543-03927 : usually ships in 24 hours : : office outlook 2007 provides an integrated solution for managing your time and information connecting across boundaries and remaining in control of the information that reaches you.  23.33
0|school zone pencil-pal software big phonics (cd-rom & book)  school zone interactive 0|ventura 10 dvd ventura 10 dvd - full versionwhen it comes to business publishing corel ventura 10 is as powerful as it gets. it is the only tool you need for transforming long complex documents-including xml files-into highly formatted & visually rich ...  662.5
0|mask pro 4.0 1u in any given image you may need more than one tool to get the job done. that's why mask pro 4 provides a complete collection of tools that help you take on the toughest masking project. included are tools such as the magic brush which will remove colors while maintaining transparency as well as touch up tools like the chisel which will help you get the edges of your image perfect without any edge halos at all. each tool includes a palette where you can quickly and easily adjust the tool settings. mask pro 4.1 allows you to cut out a subject from the background by assigning keep and drop colors and simply painting away the background. mask pro 4.1 makes it easy to create masks selections and clipping paths on difficult subjects like hair glass and fog all in real-time. the built-in tutorials allow you to quickly learn how to mask even the most complex images. if you have ever spent time creating masks or cutting a subject out of a background you know that the background color is picked up in the edge of the foreground subject as a reflection or halo. this halo effect will prevent your subject from blending with a new background in a realistic looking way. with mask pro 4's color decontamination technology and touch up tools you can say goodbye to these halos forever. with the color decontamination enabled background colors are removed from the edges the of the foreground subject. the edges of the foreground subject are maintained but are now semi-transparent because only the background colors have been removed from those edge pixels. masking images that contain hair can be tricky and often frustrating. this is often because hair is thin semi-transparent in some parts and rarelly has a sharp edge. it is difficult to use a tool that relies on edge detection to mask something like hair or other thin or transparent subjects. mask pro 4 works differently by using color instead of edges. this allows it to onone software 159.95|clipart & more 250000 (jc) top-quality royalty-free images use these royalty-free images in any project advertising brochures newsletters postcards craft projects labels posters with any print publishing program! over 25000 images on cd-rom 225000 web images online ...  9.9
0|snap! hair styler studio snap! hair styler studio (win 98 me nt 2000 xp) topics entertainment 4.99|abacus software s552 fs fighter pilot for fs2004 and fs2002 as you already know our first military aircraft collector's edition is one of our finest collections and has sold very well for the national chains. as you already know our first military aircraft collector's edition is one of our finest ... abacus software 28.99
0|10 outlet metal split surge fellowes' surge products give you excellent power protection for your connected equipment and help you save space with cord congestion solutions. their rugged designs give you the extra durability you'll want in high-traffic work areas. fellowes 0|individual software pro-tsm hanes t-shirt maker deluxe hanes t-shirt maker deluxe now you can make custom designed t-shirts and other personalized gifts just like the pros. hanes t-shirtmaker plus deluxe is perfect for kids' projects birthday parties team jerseys fund raisers grandparent gifts ... individual software 24.99
0|finale allegro 2007 finale allegro 2007 is the perfect tool for anyone who wants to do more with music. enter notes with your mouse computer keyboard and/or midi keyboard (including sustain pedal) in step- or real-time. scan sheet music with smartscore lite (included) and import or export midi files with a click. automatically add two- and three-voice auto-harmonization from band-in-a-box auto harmonizing. quickstart videos and setup wizard get you started right away making it the perfect tool for educators performing musicians composers arrangers worship directors and students. allegro files can be opened edited printed and played by others using finale notepad songwriter printmusic and finale save save as multiple audio files (including mp3) to create cds export tif graphics files to add music to word processing documents finale 199.95|mike dowling homespun swing guitar dvd one ? rhythm's where it's at : veteran player mike dowling demonstrates clearly and simply the techniques that put him in high demand as sideman for such legendary players as joe venuti jethro burns and vassar clements. he covers swing  36.67
0|micromat techtool pro 4 (mac) this is the eagerly anticipated universal binary version of techtool pro that will run on both intel and powerpc-based macs. it fully supports the hardware changes introduced to the macintosh platform with the introduction of the new macintel chipsets. all of the features of the program that were previously available for powerpc based macs are available for intel-based macs as well. this includes the innovative edrive (emergency startup partition) feature of the program found nowhere else. in addition to universal binary support the new release will also include some significant program enhancements including improved disk controller test routines. unlike most application software more than a simple re-compile of the program was required to support the new intel-based macs. because techtool pro works with the computer hardware at the lowest levels it was necessary for micromat to completely re-engineer the software from the ground up. in order to support the new models mac os x 10.4 (tiger) is required to run the program. techtool pro ships on dvd for both powerpc and intel-based macs. the dvd will automatically boot the correct system version. no product comes close to techtool pro for ensuring that all of your hardware and software is operating at peak performance. no other software gives you the peace of mind that comes from knowing that your valuable data is protected by the latest technology. with a single mouse click techtool pro can automatically run a series of sophisticated tests that will troubleshoot almost any problem you are having with your macintosh. micromat 99.99|microsoft(r) money 2004 standard money 2004 standard provides a quick and easy way to organize and manage your personal finances. balance your checkbook create a budget and reduce debt simply and easily. personal finances made easy. save time organizing and managing your ...  29.99
0|intervideo windvd 8 platinum windvd 8 platinum gives you the best in digital entertainment experiences. watch dvds or video files on your big-screen hdtv with immersive surround sound in all popular formats. enjoy virtual surround sound from just two speakers or headphones. customize playback with rich audio and video effects. for example speed up playback to match your flight time with timestretch - so you don't miss the ending! match the color of the player with your desktop theme. instantly pause and hide your movie with the boss key! corel 69.99|sage (ptree) premium accounting accountants edition 2007 peachtree by sage premium accounting 2007 ? accountants? edition provides advanced business tools to help accountants serve their clients using peachtree 2007 products. it has a multi-user option*. (*see www.peachtree.com/disclosures for details.)  492.01
0|jewels of cleopatra jewels of cleopatra is a mesmerizing puzzler with a creative twist: instead of matching tiles you'll be adventuring through them! as archaeologist dr. felicity turnstone you must make your way through hidden tombs and underground catacombs matching tiles to clear your path. your task is complicated by a competing art dealer who is up to no good! unlock treasure chests filled with items that help clear rocks and other obstacles that block your way. are you up to the challenge of finding the lost treasures? encore software 19.95|cakewalk guitar tracks pro 3 music production software guitar tracks pro 3 - 32 track audio recording software for windows whether recording a song or trying to capture a flash of inspiration guitar tracks pro 3 provides all the tools needed to deliver professional results. it features a familiar ...  99
0|apple logic pro 7.2 retail logic pro 7.2 offers you the state-of-the-art loop composition tools with new instruments and effects to change the way you compose record edit and mix music. with its distributed audio processing you'll have audio and music production that you never imagined. innovative software instruments combined with apple loops browsing and editing give you editing and producing in a truly professional environment. acoustic eq matching pitch correction on improper intonation on vocals or force to monotone add a haunting metallic sheen with the ringshifter save all channel settings and parameters for future projects with recall channel strips control tempo signature and more through global tracks apply crossfades to overlapping regions and use shuffle editing to prevent regions from overlapping software instrument layering lets you play multiple software instruments simultaneously drag and drop audio and edit zones graphically 32-channel support for multi-channel audio units instruments playback aac and apple lossless files directly with no conversion of compressed files new garageband plug-ins - ducking(automated voiceover volume reduction) & speech enhancer improved rewire support serato pitch 'n time support for rich and natural-sounding results even at extreme settings includes the same jingles and sound effects library that ship with ilife '06 apple 999|pinnacle(tm) studio plus 10.5 titanium edition pinnacle studio plus 10.5 titanium edition offers powerful home video editing tools built on the same technology used by professional broadcasters. it combines the ease of use of an intuitive 3-step movie creation process with a powerful engine to ...  99.99
0|world of warcraft pc world of warcraft pc vivendi 35.7|matchbox cross town heros overview in matchbox cross town heroes young game players will take the wheel of popular matchbox vehicles like the fire crusher or rescue net police car in three extensive worlds. players can drive and explore amazing interactive environments to ...  14.9
0|high school advantage 2008 high school advantage 2008 was specially developed to supplement classroom curriculum by including award-winning content that support state standards. in-depth lessons with sample problems and questions teach reinforce and track student progress in the core subjects. this award-winning content supports state testing standards & adapts to different learning styles & levels. track your progress with quizzes & tests. encore 39.99|act! 2007 act! 2007 is a contact and customer manager that helps you make contact build relationships and get results. act! enables you to instantly access key contact and customer information manage and prioritize activities and track all contact-related ...  199.99
0|micromat techtool pro 4 (mac) this is the eagerly anticipated universal binary version of techtool pro that will run on both intel and powerpc-based macs. it fully supports the hardware changes introduced to the macintosh platform with the introduction of the new macintel chipsets. all of the features of the program that were previously available for powerpc based macs are available for intel-based macs as well. this includes the innovative edrive (emergency startup partition) feature of the program found nowhere else. in addition to universal binary support the new release will also include some significant program enhancements including improved disk controller test routines. unlike most application software more than a simple re-compile of the program was required to support the new intel-based macs. because techtool pro works with the computer hardware at the lowest levels it was necessary for micromat to completely re-engineer the software from the ground up. in order to support the new models mac os x 10.4 (tiger) is required to run the program. techtool pro ships on dvd for both powerpc and intel-based macs. the dvd will automatically boot the correct system version. no product comes close to techtool pro for ensuring that all of your hardware and software is operating at peak performance. no other software gives you the peace of mind that comes from knowing that your valuable data is protected by the latest technology. with a single mouse click techtool pro can automatically run a series of sophisticated tests that will troubleshoot almost any problem you are having with your macintosh. micromat 99.99|bqcxd installshield 2008 professional edition - complete package + 1 year silver maint macrovision corporation bqcxd : usually ships in 24 hours : in stock : installshield is the industry-standard installation tool.  2549.59
0|adventure workshop 1st-3rd grade 8th edition  encore 19.99|roller coaster tycoon 3 for pc rollercoaster tycoon 3 is completely updated and redesigned to take the series to all-new heights. featuring overhauled 3d graphics and the exclusive new coaster cam you can now see your park from any angle and ride the coasters you build. from ...  29.99
0|logic pro 6  apple 999.99|ilumina expansion series: left behind on cd-rom this left behind plug-in to the ilumina software features interactive text from the mega-selling left behind book series. enhanced by audio and video clips along with author's notes on key features places and characters in each book. never before ...  0.5
0|imsi turbocad designer v.11 the fastest easiest way to design!product informationit's easy to bring your wildest design ideas to life with turbocad's powerfulvisualization tools.&nbsp; create professional 2d sketches and precisiondrawings that are sure to impress.&nbsp; the best par imsi 39.99|3mds network operations managerdiy annual subscptn 101 500u 3mds network operations managerdiy annual subscptn 101 500u  144.63
0|middle school advantage 2008 middle school advantage 2008 delivers award-winning content that supplements what your child learns in class. in-depth lessons with sample problems and questions teach reinforce and track student progress in the core subjects. it was specially developed to supplement classroom curriculum by including award-winning content that support state standards. encore 39.99|lmpcgs12mulpc coreldraw graphics suite - ( v. 12 ) - media - 1 user - cd - win - multi-lingual corel lmpcgs12mulpc : usually ships in 24 hours : : the coreldraw graphics suite 12 marks an exciting evolution in design.  22.59
0|ntrack anti-theft by synet electronics ntracker anti-theft by synet electronics win 98 me 2k xp global marketing partners 0|microsoft(r) project standard 2007 microsoft project standard 2007 helps you manage projects and to address the work and people management needs of your organization. it gives you ways to plan manage and communicate project information resulting in increased productivity and ...  599.95
0|xtreme photostory on cd and dvd 6  magix entertainment 29.99|encore software 11630 - monopoly tycoon - win 98 me 2000 xp encore software 11630 : monopoly tycoon rolls simulation and strategy into one game! build businesses and watch your profits grow in real-time! don t stop until you own it all! system requirements: minimum system requirements: operating system: ...  7.69
0|jeopardy jeopardy! is one of the all-time tv game shows and now it's available on your computer. choose money tiles in various categories -- behind each one is the answer to a question. can you guess what the question is? enjoy the full tv-game experience with more puzzles and double jeopardy. encore 9.99|season ticket football 2003 experience the power of football ownership! designed to stimulate and challenge your mind season ticket football is the winning touchdown of football simulation games. put yourself in the coach's shoes as you lead your team to victory. no matter ...  9.95
0|pinnacle mobile media organizer package contents: mobile media organizer cd media mobile master quick install guide pinnacle's mobile media organizer makes it easier to control and manage your pc's media files and convert them for easy carrying. import your favorite cds and dvds to any mobile media device -- even to your ipod and sony psp. it's an all-in-one solution for for managing your your media library and for taking media files on your next trip. import all your audio video and photos - then convert it psp and ipod compatible formats. burn your video and music to a disk. fast video conversion technology makes this the optimal tool for managing your digital media content. transfer files easily using itunes manage album art sort photo & movies by date or genre output formats - dvd svcd vcd audio cd mp3 cd sony psp and apple ipod system requirements - intel pentium or amd athlon (1 ghz or higher); 512mb ram; 1gb hard drive space; cd/dvd burner; usb 2.0; directx9 pinnacle 49.99|smart-sound sonicfire pro 4 corporate edition - windows xp audio software for video sonicfire pro 4 corporate edition - music scoring software for video professionals with additional strata-series music libraries - windows xp sonicfire pro 4 corporate edition from smartsound is software for video professionals who need to quickly ...  448.95
0|scansoft paperport 11 - 5 user license brand new full retail box nuance communications inc. 474.99|novell identity manager integration module for mainframe for 900 series mvs - ( mainframe 1inst lic + 1yr mnt vlal9  90108.95
0|punch super home suite 3.0 super home suite combines seven programs for interior and exterior home and landscape design in one package. super home suite includes 3d home design 3d landscaping estimating autoframing floorplan trace 3d furniture design and realmodel. use 3d home exterior & interior design to view your home in thousands of subtle paint color choices or design walk-out basements and split-level designs with the slope tool. when you're ready to landscape your home design just add your plantings to your existing file. the software lets you landscape without redrawing your house plan. your results are rendered in high-resolution 3-d complete with shadows just like a photograph.design the perfect deck for your home plan with ultimate deck. multilevel or multistory decks with 3-d photorealistic textures stairs railings object placement and color capabilities give you the ability to design exactly the deck you want. deck wizards walk you through railings baluster options and more. and create objects from scratch or modify furniture from the included library. change colors fabrics patterns textures and more then use your creations to furnish your home plan. and get an idea of what your finished home will look like with the autoframing and realmodel software. punch! software 49.99|post mortem a horrific ritualistic murder has taken place in an upscale hotel. enter gus macpherson a former american private detective now hired by a mysterious and sensuous woman sophia blake to find out who murdered her beloved sister and brother-in-law ...  7.49
0|corel wordperfect office 12 standard upgrade produce documents and office presentations that look great in multiple formats -- and much more! / version upgrade enhance your personal documents with powerful graphics tools - add 3d charts tables clipart images or your own artwork publish directly to pdf with the push of a button greater support for open standards like quattro pro 2 presentations 12 with html xml and microsoft office products corel 149.99|madison media software aspvms8000 - acad vegas movie studio +dvd 8 platinum madison media software aspvms8000 : madison media software acad vegas movie studio +dvd 8 platinum - aspvms8000  81.97
0|captain america the complete comic collection win/mac captain america: the complete collection lets you experience the amazing adventures of captain america the sentinel of liberty! during world war ii a skinny & sickly teenager named steve rogers was rejected by the army. desperate to fight the nazis he volunteered for a dangerous top-secret project: operation rebirth. the experiment turned small weak steve rogers into america's first super-soldier. he fought the axis for years but was thought dead in an arctic explosion. his enhanced body survived & was actually frozen in suspended animation; he was thawed out decades later & entered a country he no longer understood but continued to defend against the menaces threatening liberty & democratic principles. this collection lets you revisit and relive cap's great adventures. it covers every issue of captain america from 1964 to 2006 -- over 500 comics in all! git corp 49.95|adobe cs3 design standard upsell system requirements powerpc g4 or g5 or intel core processor mac os x v10.4.8 java runtime environment 1.5 1gb ram 5.3gb free hard-disk space (additional space required during installation) 1024 x 768 display resolution with 16-bit video card ...  934.99
0|intervideo dvd copy 5 platinum intervideo dvd copy 5 is fast dvd-copying and file-conversion software. in just three steps easily copy videos to most popular formats and now directly to your psp or ipod. with its unique copylater technology dvd copy saves you time and ensures high-quality output like no other copying software. save space by setting the file size and dvd copy will automatically calculate the best audio & video bit-rate settings copy any movie as a single video file or split it into individual files by chapter schedule copylater to batch convert videos while you're at work or asleep ensuring high-quality video output and freeing up your pc for when you need it copylater intelligent folder monitoring checks your video-download and recorded tv-program folders for new files and automatically convert them corel 49.99|panda software clientshield 2006 w/ truprevent 5-25 1yr - b1cs6a-gov   37
0|modeless liquid ledger personal finance software (mac) liquid ledger personal finance (mac 10.2 or higher) csdc 79.99|apple remote desktop 3 unlimited managed systems system requirements mac os x v10.3.9 or later; some features require mac os x v10.4 ethernet (recommended) airport (802.11b/g) or ip over firewire network connection requires mac os x v10.4 tiger or later on client system. requires mac os x v10.4 ...  499.99
0|quickverse mac bible study 2007 white box quickverse mac white edition is the tool for the serious bible scholar who wants to learn the truth behind the bible! you'll have access to a wide variety of reference materials -- multiple bibles dictonaries commentaries and encyclopedia all waiting for your use. quickverse has been optimized for use on the mac offering all the great functionality that its user expect on a whole new system -- for the very first time! view the holy land in over 2 000 brilliant high-resolution color photos -- and 50 detailed maps versefinder is the fastest way to any book chapter or verse combination across your entire library custom citation formatting with bible translation references and publisher information interactive study workbooks - read answer and print your results without ever leaving quickverse color code your favorite passages by topic or subject; choose from 8 colors strong's concordance with greek and hebrew dictionary links every word in the bible back to its original greek and hebrew root scroll in one window pane and the others follow automatically -- over 250 000 predefined hyperlinks between books and media bookmark your favorite positions in any book & add categories and notes for instant recall hear those difficult biblical references - over 6 500 audio words are simply a click away findex 59.95|documents to go premium 7.0 this pda software enables you to use your documents such as word excel powerpoint pictures and pdf files on your handheld computer. view edit and create word excel and powerpoint files and view pdf graphics and image files. leave your laptop ...  49.99
0|instant immersion italian deluxe v2.0 (large box) with instant immersion italian deluxe you'll get entertaining instruction on japanese that moves at your own pace. build your speaking skills with the advanced speech recognition tools while the expert lessons make learning to read & write italian easier -- and more enjoyable. topics entertainment 29.99|scansoft(r) paperport(r) 11 scansoft paperport 11 turn piles of paper and photos into organized files that you can quickly find use and share. paperport 11 makes it simple to connect your scanner and computer together to work with pdf and jpeg images just like working with ...  99.99
0|hp sp linux we 50 lic/cd 3.0c ( t3586a ) sp linux we 50 lic/cd 3.0c hewlett packard (consumables) 0|webroot software 65210 spy sweeper 3 pc spy sweeper 4.5 with the most advanced blocking detection and removal capabilities on the market. today's spyware is far more harmful than ever before placing personal information privacy and perhaps even your identity at risk.dedicated to ... webroot software 31.99
0|gods: lands of infinity - special edition the ancient world of bellarion struggled in the never ending war of gods. the conflict began when xarax ruler of the gods was murdered. each of the remaining gods claimed the right to the divine throne. after many battles the defeated gods refused to submit to the victors and instead summoned their armies to attack the worshippers of other gods. the deaths of those worshippers weakened the power of the conquering gods. after 2000 years of battles bellarion lay in ruins. no one was able to achieve victory until the god of darkness mortagon found a new weapon which resisted all magic and divine powers. as the last hope arswaargh the god of fire created vivien who he fashioned after his own astral body. arswaargh sent vivien through space and time to seek the counter-weapon needed to defy mortagorn but unfortunately she lost her divine essence while traveling through the magical portal to another world. vivien must now seek the gods of the new world gain back her power and search for the counter-weapon against mortagorn. gods: lands of infinity special edition is a blend of adventure and action in a turn-based setting. there is an array of missions and npc (non player characters) that players can add to their team. players must fight gain experience level and acquire new skills. the game is played out in the first-person perspective until gamers enter a battle encounter at which point the game goes into third-person turn-based battle. gods: lands of infinity special edition invites you into an exciting world full of adventures battles and quests of unearthly affairs. spend hours discovering the world of antasion trading and completing the lead quests of each race or kingdom and many side quests. highly advanced shader system providing realistic effects of natural ice water grass and other nature elements. animated environment with high-resolution photo-realistic textures over two hundred strategy first 29.99|musicalis universal guitar workshop overview this musicalis reference program is the complete and indispensable tool for all levels of guitar players from beginner to expert. the guitar is a limitless instrument with countless harmonic possibilities and this program is a unique tool ...  12.9
0|my sim aquarium my sim aquarium has all the simulated fish and fish tank accessories you need to turn your monitor into a gorgeous fish tank. viva media 19.99|peachtree(r) compatible continuous checks-accounting for windows 8.0-2004 version compatible with peachtree(r) accounting for windows 8.0-2004 version software.continuous check size: 9 1/2in. x 7in..  144.59
0|family tree maker version 16 deluxe with family tree maker version 16 (deluxe edition) you can access more than 5 billion records through ancestry.com as you research your family's history. the best-selling genealogy program for the past 15 years family tree maker lets you access some of the world's largest online data based including the u.s. records collection naturalization records immigration records and much more. simply enter as much personal information about your family that you know. build a family book from scratch. view just your own family or browse up to seven generations at once. find out which version of family tree maker is right for you. with family tree maker you can create a family tree is four easy steps. first you start building the tree with the information that you know. then you search through billions of records and names to add to your information. as you build your family history you can then design personal keepsakes and projects with pre-designed templates that you can then share your family tree with friends and relatives. with this latest version of family tree maker you'll be able to create a family tree more easily than ever before. featuring streamlined data entry and useful research tips family tree maker practically does your work for you. customizable search criteria and improved source management make the gathering of your family data easy as it gets. the software lets you easily import historical documents and also allows for web collaboration so you can work with other members in your family to complete your tree. as an added exclusive feature this deluxe edition of family tree maker includes $200 of bonus material. in addition to a nine-month subscription to ancestry.com (a $100 value) you get an introductory genealogy consultation (a $30 value) an official training dvd (a $15 value) a family tree workbook in pdf format (a $20 value) and standard ancestry reference library software that's worth $50. encore 69.95|middle school advantage premier edition (15 cd set) maximize your academic potential with more standards-driven content in core subjects with middle school advantage premier edition. a complete middle school curriculum for grades 6-8. subjects include: math english science typing history and ...  24.95
0|photo explosion deluxe 3.0 photo explosion deluxe 3.0 delivers powerful photo editing features spectacular special effects and professional-quality photo projects - all together in one complete suite offering millions of creative combinations. it's packed with exciting new features designed to unlock the power of your digital camera. improve your photos with one-click smartenhance& 153; red-eye removal and a full array of easy-to-use photo editing tools. then create eye-catching photo calendars scrapbooks wide-angle panoramas and more or even morph one photo into another. this deluxe edition lets you burn photo slide shows onto cds that you can watch on tv with family and friends using most dvd players. you can also view your photos on mobile phones handhelds and ipods. nova development 49.99|perfect attorney premium (pc) cosmi key features: create legal documents tutorials and self-help ...  29.99
0|instant immersion spanish 2.0 instant immersion version 2.0 moves you from a beginner to an intermediate speaker with a 5 cd-rom course of study. topics entertainment 29.99|the print shop(r) elements: labels logos & more the print shop elements is a complete and easy logo design and labeling solution. easily create the perfect logo in minutes with this simple yet powerful program. the professionally designed templates are modifiable and can be customized in hundreds ...  19.99
0|vrs4.0 plus scsi workgroup scanning 5 & 6 vrs 4.1 professional for scsi wkgrp scanners fujitsu imaging 0|netopia sw2510p timbuktu pro remote control software 10 lic for win netopia 586.77
0|autocad 2007 courseware customizing the interface autocad 2007 courseware customizing the interface autodesk psg 47.95|national geographic: forces of nature from lighting to locusts fires to floods increase your understanding of the planet's raw power with forces of nature on cd-rom. packed with a wealth of interactive multimedia features this software program is specifically designed to enlighten ...  12.9
0|watchguard mobile user vpn 5 user bundle ( wg3605 ) bundle mobile user vpn 5u watchguard technologies inc 0|hewlett packard 213076-b26 secure path v4.0c win wkgp ed 1 lic/cd secure path v4.0c win wkgp ed 1 lic/cd  1888.39
0|csi: crime scene investigation csi comes to life on your pc with all the cyber-sherlock holmes appeal fans know and love. the high production value of the game and its faithful adherence to the theme style and sound of the show prove that it is not just a crass attempt to cash in on the csi craze. as you'd expect csi is a mystery adventure game that follows the format of the csi show. you collect evidence head to the lab visit the morgue and so on. you scrutinize the game's screens looking for evidence or areas that may contain hidden clues. you can use luminal to find blood traces you can dust for prints and you can use the sniffer to get gas samples--all are familiar tools and methods used in the show. csi fans will likely intuitively know when and where to use each item while adventure game fans will delight in having such new high tech toys. csi offers five quality storylines each of which would feel at home on the show. while you don't get to fill the shoes of one of the show's well-known characters you do get to work with each of them as you progress along the csi investigative chain. show characters join you to provide hints and help you establish the motive means and opportunity needed to determine and catch the bad guy. fans of the show will forgive the short length of the game and merely adequate graphics just because of the quality storylines use of the real actors and respect shown the license. adventure game fans will also appreciate it even if they'll find it a bit too easy (it's aimed at mainstream fans more than hardcore gamers). csi brings enough true crime class to be of interest to fans and non-fans alike.--andrew s. bub pros: actors from the show voice their characters in the game pays homage and tribute to the show respects adventure game and csi fans equally cons: animation is stiff five mysteries is too few ubi soft 19.99|topics entertainment instant immersion spanish advanced audio yearning for the yucatan? going back to baja? now intermediate-level spanish speakers can take their fluency to the next level with instant immersion spanish advanced on 8 compact discs.  12.05
0|photoshop elements 4 edu mac 1u photoshop elements 4 edu mac 1u adobe education box 69|emc insignia retrospect desktop 6.x product datasheet (pdf: 628kb)  89.99
0|jewels of cleopatra jewels of cleopatra is a mesmerizing puzzler with a creative twist: instead of matching tiles you'll be adventuring through them! as archaeologist dr. felicity turnstone you must make your way through hidden tombs and underground catacombs matching tiles to clear your path. your task is complicated by a competing art dealer who is up to no good! unlock treasure chests filled with items that help clear rocks and other obstacles that block your way. are you up to the challenge of finding the lost treasures? encore software 19.95|avery c32028 quick & clean business cards 220gsm glossy card for use with... design and print your own business cards simply add graphics and print from your desktop.smooth edges with no perforations for a high quality finish and no card curl after separation  21.22 gbp
0|quicken 2007 deluxe quicken deluxe 2007 contains all the tools you liked in quicken basic plus tools to help you plan for the future and achieve your financial goals. download your credit card banking and brokerage transactions directly from your participating financial institutions. save for a college tuition a new home or vacation; create retirement and estate plans; avoid getting into debt; and simplify your taxes. see your complete financial picture in minutes! intuit 59.95|the kinks yamaha the kinks greatest hits - smart pianosoft this innovative software series enables your disklavier mark iii piano to perform with the world's most popular cds! using yamaha's pianosmart technology this companion diskette will magically empower your disklavier mark iii to accompany the ...  18.5
0|acad upgrade dragon naturallyspeaking pro solution 9.0 (a289a-fd7-9.0) - marketing information: dragon naturallyspeakingprofessional 9 will saveyou and your organizationmoney because itempowers anyone tocreate documents overthree times faster thantyping. it also protectsagainst repetitive stressinjuries that result in lostproductivity higher workers compensationpremiums and higher temporary labor costs.the accuracy performance and ease-of-use indragon naturallyspeaking professional 9make it the ideal solution for busy corporateprofessionals. you and your employees canuse dragon naturallyspeaking professionalto create documents and email messages write reports and complete forms all by voice. product information - software sub type: voice recognition - software name: dragon naturallyspeaking v.9.0 professional - upgrade - features and benefits: - the most accurate ever - faster and safer than typing - section 508 certified - easy to use - no special user training required - support for citrix thin-client environments - enterprise ready - ease of administration - mobility - bluetooth support - robust customization - natural language capabilities - text to speech - language support: english - platform support: pc miscellaneous - compatibility: - microsoft office applications: word excel outlook andpowerpoint - corel wordperfect nuance academic 399.54|iolo technologies llc drivescrubber 3 don't allow yourself to become a victim of identity theft. drivescrubber ensures you are safe from threats by: wiping all contents of your hard drive before selling donating or recycling your pc restoring your hard drive to like new af  23.69
0|reel deal slots mystic forest reel deal slots: mystic forest brings new excitement and adventures for online players. climb the rankings to become top-ranked on different games. see if you can become top-ranked and get yourself a belt to drape over your player-box -- showing everyone you're the boss! the new looking for party feature lets you find others looking for a similar game phantom efx 19.95|who wants to be a millionaire sports edition face regis philbin and 15 challenging sports questions on the way to a virtual 1000000 dollar prize. you're in the hot seat with all the tension of the millionaire tv show!  8.95
0|mac os x server v10.4.7 unlimited client brand new full retail box apple 999|the printshop 20 overview the print shop 20 delivers thousands of irresistible project ideas including greeting cards calendars photo projects crafts and so much more. enliven your creations with a huge array of exciting design elements like premium artwork and ...  19.9
0|doom 3 (dvd) (mac) the ruins of an ancient martian civilization have unlocked the secrets to teleportation and the uac will stop at nothing to harness this world-altering technology. as part of a marine detachment sent to protect the facility your duty seemed simple enough?until the invasion. now in an epic clash against pure evil you must fight to understand who is with you who is against you and what must be done to stop this nightmare from reaching earth. built on id's revolutionary new 3d graphics engine doom 3 draws you into the most frightening and gripping 3d gaming experience ever created. aspyr media 39.99|apple ilife '06 family pack system requirements macintosh computer with a powerpc g4 g5 or intel core duo processor; 733mhz or faster required for idvd 256mb of ram; 512mb recommended mac os x v10.3.9 or mac os x v10.4.3 or later; mac os x v10.4.4 recommended itunes 6.0.2 and ...  99.99
0|mavis beacon teaches typing 17 standard for the past 12 years in a row mavis beacon teaches typing has been the best-selling typing tutorial on the market and has garnered over 15 prestigious awards including the teacher's choice and parent's choice awards. with the mavis beacon teaches typing 17 that tradition is certain to continue with several new and advanced performance-based programs that adjust to your skill level and provide instant feedback on every exercise. polish your typing skills to finish work faster and put yourself on the path to maximum productivity and higher salaries. view larger. exercise your typing fingers with more than 188 practice lessons and 91 custom lessons. view larger. with the information technology economy expanding with no end in sight keeping up with your typing skills is more important than ever. knowing how to type fast and accurately is not a job for just secretaries and data entry personnel any more; writers web developers and professionals in all fields can improve their income potential and value by optimizing their typing speed and accuracy. mavis beacon teaches typing 17 helps you to exercise your typing fingers with more than 188 practice lessons and 91 custom lessons. a truly interactive program mavis beacon teaches typing 17 analyzes your typing patterns and helps you to eliminate bad habits. and to customize your learning experience the software lets you choose the user profile that best suits your abilities including a special kids and teens profile. to help keep young typists motivated the program has 10 arcade-style games that make practicing fun. and now that text messaging has become a staple of modern life typing is no longer limited to the qwerty keyboard! mavis beacon offers practice in both text messaging including the use of truly gr8 shortcuts that will increase your messaging sklz and make you extremely :>). the software also has exercises designed to improve your html coding. an enhanced user interface is compatible with wide screen laptops and leaves your desktop more accessible even while the program is running. and to make typing as fun as possible you can even jazz up your lessons by importing your own mp3 files to listen to while you practice. encore software 19.99|sonicwall 01-ssc-6779 sonicwall email transfer mailfrontier 25u 1svr sonicwall email transfer mailfrontier 25u 1svr  160.72
0|math advantage 2008 math advantage 2008 was specially developed to supplement classroom curriculum by including great award-winning content that support state standards. in-depth lessons with sample problems and questions teach reinforce and track student progress in the different branches of mathematics. encore 39.99|school zone interactive flash action addition & subtraction addition/subtraction flash action transforms flash cards into exciting learning games. children compete against the clock or another player as they play for speed and accuracy. system requirements: pc: microsoft windows 95/98 o  8.8
0|lotus dev. ibm db2 net search extender - ( v. 8.2 ) - media ( bb0kyna )  lotus development corp 0|magix pictures to cd & dvd overview get a grip on all those vacation snaps landscape shots family and birthday photos and images from the internet that are accumulating each year. burn them on cd-rom or dvd and enjoy them on your tv or pc as a sensational slide show. the ...  14.9
0|middle school success deluxe 2008 middle school success deluxe 2008 is leading-edge learning software that ensures better academic achievement. you'll give your child the lessons and exercises they need for higher grades and test scores. it's endorsed by education experts and covers the full breadth and scope of almost any middle school curriculum. middle school success deluxe guarantees educational achievement for middle school students. topics entertainment 49.99|ma166z/a ilife '06 - complete package - 1 user - dvd - mac apple computer ma166z/a : usually ships in 24 hours : : ilife '06 the must-have update to apple's award-winning suite of digital lifestyle applications delivers major upgrades to iphoto imovie hd idvd and garageband plus an innovative new ...  72.74
0|readiris pro 11 corporate edition (mac) mfr: iris inc. computers & accessories iris inc.> iris 499.95|xbox: lego star wars play the most memorable and exhilarating scenes from the phantom menace attack of the clones and the forthcoming episode iii revenge of the sith including pod racing on mos espa the repelling of the droid onslaught in the genosian arena and ...  19.95
0|my maillist & addressbook the easy way to manage your names addresses and more! quickly print out labels postcards and envelopes. use fonts colors logos and the thousands of clip art images that are included. mysoftware company 19.95|specialty single window envelopes to match your forms & checks address shows through to save you time!just fold your form insert and mail. the recipients address shows right through the window.sturdy 24-lb. stock ensures safe arrival of the contents.imprinted with your business name. we will imprint up to 5 ...  81.49
0|route 66 mobile 7 - usa/cdn for windows mobile 5 route 66 mobile 7 - usa/cdn for windows mobile 5 - software csdc 149|allume systems inc mediarecover mediarecover retrieves your lost photos audio and videos from your cameras pdas and cellular phone's removable memory devices. system requirements: microsoft windows xp or vista or macintosh os x 10.3.9 or higher universal binary. com  26.14
0|bias deck le 3.5 macintosh cd if you want to record music and audio like a pro - but don't feel like breaking the bank - we've got some great news for you: deck 3.5 le!deck 3.5 le turns your mac into a full-fledged recording studio. you can easily record up to 12 tracks with full cd quality. edit your work instantly (while always being able to revert to your original recordings) process your tracks using eq and other built-in digital signal processing and even play back midi files in perfect sync. when you're done recording you can mix it all down using deck 3.5 le's virtual mixing console.deck 3.5 le is everything you need and then some. sure you could always take a few months to learn some other multitrack software or buy a complicated (and expensive) hardware recorder. but no other solution is as easy to use and as fast to learn or is more compatible with so many audio interfaces. bias 99|freeverse burning monkey solitaire 4.0 system requirements mac os x 10.3.9 or greater 128 mb ram (256 mb preferred) 32mb vram (video ram) 500 mb mb hard drive space  24.95
0|pc tutor learn windows vista & office 2007 pc tutor's innovative courseware will give you expert training for windows vista and microsoft office 2007. the lessons and exercises included here will engage and motivate you every step of the way. the result is knowledge you're more likely to retain - and put to practical use. take advantage of proven methods that teach you the facts that matter most - at a pace that's right for you. there's no easier or more enjoyable way to improve your computer skills and learn windows vista and office 2007. nova development 29.99|emedia music corp guitar pro v 5.1 (hybrid) guitar pro is a complete workshop for guitarists at an affordable price. guitar pro is known as the most powerful and intuitive tablature editor available. system requirements: windows 98se/2000/xp: pentium 500mhz - 256 meg ram - sound card cd-  51.92
0|vpn manager five to ten firebox watchguard vpn manager provides centralized management and monitoring tools for larger organizations with multiple fireboxes. this single application allows you graphically display the vpn tunnel status for all of your branch office and mobile user vpn tunnels and to change the security policy settings of your fireboxes and vpns with a simple point-and-click interface. centralized logging allows you to direct logs of network activity from all fireboxes to your central management location. single screen access to the livesecurity system's control center of management and monitoring tools lets you detect and quickly troubleshoot any problems with the tunnels. this centralized security and vpn management tool can be used with any combination of firebox ii fastvpn firebox ii plus firebox ii firebox soho and firebox telecommuter models. by clicking on a visualized tunnel you can access the tunnel properties for the vpns created between your headquarters firebox ii and any firebox telecommuter or firebox soho. watchguard technologies inc 1995|910523-002 rumba as/400 edition - ( v. 7.2 ) - upgrade package - 1 processor - tier p50 - c netmanage 910523-002 : usually ships in 24 hours : : rumba as/400 edition provides connectivity from windows desktops to ibm as/400 host applications and databases.  20069.43
0|instant immersion italian platinum instant immersion italian platinum takes from the basics to intermediate language skills in no time at all. it combines computer-based teaching with the portability of audio lessons on compact disc. with over 750 hours of instruction you'll become completely immersed in the language and learn by hearing real-world conversations and usage. topics entertainment 129.99|findex.com inc quickverse mac bible study 2007 gold box quickverse mac has been created from the ground up to be a truly native os-x application. any mac user interested in bible reading bible study sermon preparation = or teaching will quickly discover how easy the program is to use. quickverse mac ...  215.42
0|family tree maker version 16 collectors edition with family tree maker version 16 (collector's edition) you can access more than 5 billion records through ancestry.com as you research your family's history. the best-selling genealogy program for 15 straight years family tree maker lets you access some of the world's largest online data based including the u.s. records collection naturalization records immigration records and much more encore software 0|cd72-ak9= cisco ios enterprise ipsec 3des - complete package - cd cisco systems cd72-ak9= : usually ships in 24 hours : : cisco ios (internetworking operating system) software is the platform that delivers network services and enables networked applications.  4837.39
0|adobe photoshop elements 4.0 plus adobe premiere elements 2.0 - complete package - 1 user - cd ( mini-box ) - win - canadian french ( 29180162 ) adobe photoshop elements 4.0 plus adobe premiere elements 2.0 software combines two powerful intuitive products in one affordable package. edit organize and show your photos in creative and entertaining ways. and create home videos like a famous director. plus use both products to burn your slide shows to dvd and design custom dvd menus that can be saved as templates to use again and again. this product comes in retail mini box. adobe systems inc 0|jboss subscription service platinum - jboss portal - technical support 65-128cpu 24x7 2hr vla l1  57978.95
0|apple remote desktop 2.2 10 client (old version) remote desktop 2.2 makes it easier than it's ever been to manage a network and install new software. with over 50 new features and countless enhancements you'll manage your network effcieintly without having to leave your office. state-of-the-art software distribution makes installing software a virtual walk in the park. distribute software configure systems offer real-time online help and create detailed hardware and software reports. extend a helping hand without leaving your desk with tools for the best technical assistance possible. use remote shell scripts to take the legwork out of your administrative tasks - shut down restart or sleep any mac in your network without getting up from your desk as well as lock screens or empty trash. if you're an administrator you'll know everything you need to know about your macs -- the available hard drive space network settings and software version even when they're offline. stores profiles for every mac whether it's on the network permanently or leaves regularly; tracks offline computers and updates their information for better managing of powerbooks and ibooks apple 299|laurence juber homespun video the fingerstyle artistry of laurence juber - 2-dvd set after several years with paul mccartney's band wings laurence juber is forging a career as one of the most inventive solo guitarists on the current scene. one these two video lessons he takes apart some of his most requested pieces which include ...  36.67
0|podmaxx '07 apple designed the ipod experience in a ?walled garden' format funneling users to their itunes store to buy their music and make it difficult to buy music elsewhere. podmaxx ?07 offers a real solution to this problem enabling ipod owners to buy music anywhere they like for the best price no matter how eclectic their taste. not only can podmaxx ?07 let ipod owners buy ipod music anywhere you can also copy music and playlists from any ipod to their pc create free ringtones from any music fil collection transfer any dvd to their ipod burn music to cd directly from any ipod turn an ipod into a portable hard drive to backup valuable data sync email and contacts (including outlook) view the latest news weather movie start times and their locations ? all with one application. podmaxx ?07 is the perfect digital music companion for itunes and your ipod. podmaxx ?07 organizes your music videos and photos and fixes mislabeled songs. rip and watch your dvd movies anywhere. read your email on your morning commute. burn cds right off any ipod connected to your pc. use your ipod as portable storage device and backup your pc. burn audio cds straight from any ipod - not only can you copy everything off your ipod back to your pc but you can also burn any music files from your ipod striaght to cd. podmaxx automatically formats the files for burning to the cd format that plays in any cd player carry hours of dvd movies in your pocket burn files to cd straight off their ipod protect music collections from loss with full pc backup carry news weather movie info backup an entire pc system requirements - windows 2000 or xp; itunes 4.7 or later installed; microsoft. net framework 1.1 installed supports apple ipod - mini (4 & 6 gb) as well as all 10 20 & 60 gb ipods and nano bling 29.99|webroot software 65210 spy sweeper 3 pc spy sweeper 4.5 with the most advanced blocking detection and removal capabilities on the market. today's spyware is far more harmful than ever before placing personal information privacy and perhaps even your identity at risk.dedicated to ... webroot software 31.99
0|adventure workshop 1st-3rd grade 8th edition  encore 19.99|4817n24 vmware virtualcenter management server - ( v. 2 ) - limited subscription ( 5 yea ibm 4817n24 : usually ships in 24 hours : : with virtualcenter management software you can take control of your virtual infrastructure.  2383.02
0|talk now! learn dutch the fast fun and easy way to learn dutch! test your knowledge with quizzes and a challenging memory game. plus even compare your pronunciation to native speakers! eurotalk interactive 29.95|microsoft(r) great plains business solutions compatible payroll continuous checks compatible with great plains versions 5.0-9.0.  91.59
0|close quarters conflict  groove media 19.99|josh white homespun video the guitar of josh white the legendary josh white (1914-1969) is widely considered to be one of the most influential blues and folk artists of all time celebrated in 1998 with a commemorative us postage stamp. josh white jr. an accomplished actor singer and teacher ...  22.13
0|perfect attorney premium this extensive legal self-help program lets you create your own legal documents and save on costly legal document preparation fees. learn from experts technical terms and legal strategies how to select an attorney and more. create thousands of legally binding forms valid in all 50 states. locate documents easily using the convenient legal descriptive search feature. includes do-it-yourself wills and trusts copyright no fault divorce real estate leases purchases or sales general or health care powers of attorney and much more. perfect for nearly any personal or business need. includes bonus software. create employment or service contracts generate a promissory note or release of debt learn how to repair your credit and protect yourself bonus - legal publisher living will updates new bankruptcy law estate planner tools and legal form letters system requirements - microsoft windows 98se me 2000 with sp4 xp 64 mb ram cd-rom drive cosmi corporation 39.99|scansoft textbridge pro v.11 textbridge pro 11 is the simple and fast way to convert paper into editable electronic documents saving time and increasing productivity. new ocr engines are designed to deliver the most accurate textbridge results ever.  68.99
0|modeless liquid ledger personal finance software (mac) liquid ledger personal finance (mac 10.2 or higher) csdc 79.99|my maillist & addressbook the easy way to manage your names addresses and more product information mymaillist & addressbook is perfect for organizing your names addresses and other contact information. easily import and directly open your data from popular databases. make ...  7.69
0|mavis beacon teaches typing deluxe 16 mavis beacon teaches typing 16 deluxe offers typing instruction that suits your professional routine. it features 20 new practice lessons including new html documents. with over 150 new topics to choose from you'll find the topics that interest you and start boosting your typing skills. type faster and reduce keyboarding errors in as little as 15 minutes a day! download lessons to your palm os device to practice on the go choice of english or spanish instructions broderbund 39.99|myob compatible multipurpose continuous checks compatible with bestbooks windows 1.0 & mac 1.0 myob windows 4.0-7.0 & mac 4.0 and higher.check size: 9 1/2in. x 11in..  144.59
0|digidesign music production toolkit (pro tools le) the digidesign music production toolkit includes a full range of professional music tools that expand the creative power of your pro tools le or pro tools m-powered system. it includes an impressive collection of plug-ins a multi-track version of beat detective rhythm analysis and correction tool up to 48 mono or stereo tracks at up to 96 khz (interface permitting) and the ability to export mixes as mp3 files. extensive plug-in collection the music production toolkit includes a host of powerful plug-ins that are ideal for creating and producing music. hybrid developed by the digidesign advanced instrument research group hybrid is a high-definition synthesizer that combines the warmth of classic analog waveforms with digital wavetables to produce the sounds of legendary synths or something completely unique. tl space native edition the tl space convolution reverb delivers the pristine sound of real reverberant spaces with a comprehensive library of reverb and effect impulses and the ability to add impulses easily. smack! le smack! le is a professional compressor/limiter plug-in designed for anyone who requires a great-sounding flexible and easy-to-use compression tool for music or any other type of audio material. soundreplacer soundreplacer lets you replace drum sounds or other audio easily and automatically while retaining the feel and dynamics of the original performance. digidesign intelligent noise reduction (dinr) le dinr le a... digidesign 495|i spy fantasy with mini cd for pc discover over 30 intriguing locations in 3 captivating environments filled with unique characters fun games and challenging i spy riddles. during your travels search for lost treasures beneath the sea command a mission on an alien planet or ...  19.99
0|let's learn about time & date a guide to learning all kinds of fascinating and useful information. the games and quizzes are specially designed with learning in mind. the games and quizzes are specially designed with learning in mind. kids will learn about hours minutes seconds days and weeks months and years time zones history and facts! selectsoft publishing 19.95|magix entertainment corp. xtreme photostory on cd and dvd 6   26.14
0|stubbs the zombie in rebel without a pulse (dvd) (mac) stubbs the zombie lets you become a man whose luck was so bad dying was the best thing that ever happened to him. in 1933 edward stubblefield was a traveling salesman trying to survive the great depression when he was murdered & buried in a field in pennsylvania. fast forward to 1959 when billionaire playboy andrew monday builds his own ultramodern city - punchbowl where you can drink your fill of the future. unfortunately he built it on the grave of stubbs bringing him back as a angry zombie. stubbs was a loser all his life and being a zombie gives him power he never had before. he decides to keep eating brains until the city is his -- unless andrew monday can stop him. aspyr media 9.99|act!(r) 2006 premium for workgroups act! 2006 premium for workgroups is a contact and customer manager that helps corporate workgroups and sales teams make contact build relationships and get results. act! 2006 provides advanced workgroup functionality for administration security ...  399.99
0|photoshop elements 4 edu mac 1u photoshop elements 4 edu mac 1u adobe education box 69|quickbooks(r) simple start 2007 quickbooks simple start 2007 is the simple way to track sales expenses and customers with ease. step-by-step tutorials show you how to do your bookkeeping right - no accounting knowledge required! track the money coming in and out of your business ...  99.99
0|spy sweeper spanish  webroot software 29.95|avery c32011 quick & clean business cards 200gsm card for use with mono... design and print your own business cards simply add graphics and print from your desktop.smooth edges with no perforations for a high quality finish and no card curl after separation  14.86 gbp
0|zonealarm internet security suite  zone labs 49.99|various artists view video cuba mia - portrait of an all-woman orchestra this powerful documentary introduces the camerata romeu a rare group of ten extraordinarily talented musicians and a woman conductor who are among the most popular musical groups in cuba and with them a cross-section of stunning cuban and latin ...  14.86
0|mariner calc speadsheet (mac) mariner calc is spreadsheet software designed to aid users in analyzing simulating and forecasting numerical data. simpler to use and absorbing far less memory than microsoft excel mariner calc adds new options through its use of multiple layers in a single document. the software also features spreadsheets as large as 32 000 rows by 32 000 columns for analyzing large data sets and graphics and drawing tools to enhance the appearance of your documents. you'll also get 15 chart types dynamic scrolling an 80 000-plus-word dictionary and mac drag-and-drop functionality that offers an attractive alternative to cutting copying and pasting. in addition the multiple undo feature lets you trace your last nine steps. and most importantly mariner calc opens microsoft excel documents with ease giving you a streamlined alternative when building spreadsheet files. mariner software 59.99|hoyle card games turn a deck of cards into 18 games of hours of fun! enjoy the classic card games from bridge canasta euchre and solitaire to spades gin rummy go fish and so many more! included free is a friday night poker cd with 13 additional games and two ...  9.95
0|microspot interiors  microspot ltd. 99.95|microsoft e32-00575 - sql server 2005 developer edition x64 - complete product - dbms - 1 developer(s) - complete product - standard - english - pc microsoft e32-00575 : organizations today face numerous data challenges such as the need to make faster and more data-driven decisions the need to increase the productivity and flexibility of development staff and pressure to reduce overall ...  43.97
0|instant immersion american sign language win/mac instant immersion asl teaches beginners american sign language -- quickly and easily! topics entertainment 9.99|wg4110 watchguard vpn manager - upgrade package - 10 nodes - cd - win - english watchguard technologies wg4110 : usually ships in 24 hours : : watchguard vpn manager provides centralized management and monitoring tools for larger organizations with multiple fireboxes.  1235.07
0|genuine fractals print pro 5 1u genuine fractals print pro 5 gives you extraordinary image enlargements and greater flexibility. photographers graphic artists and digital imaging professionals will love having the ability to make resolution-independent image files. genuine fractals produces output of any size while remaining small enough to edit in real time store locally and transmit remotely. supports all photoshop color modes including cmyk and cie-lab easy encoding and rendering for all rgb (8- and 16-bit) multi-channel and grayscale images (8-bit only) scale up to 700% without image degradation batch encode preview window onone software 299.95|quickbooks(r) professional and impressive!imprinted with your business name and address!guaranteed compatible with your quickbooks(r) and quickbooks for windows(r) software.neat and clean. no carbon to touch. runs easily and smoothly through your printer without ...  103.99
0|scratches: directors cut scratches is a terrifying story where a story from the past emerges to haunt the present. you control famed horror writer michael arthate as he explores blackwood manor a victorian house near an english market town. it's a quiet and pleasant existance until odd noises in the basement keep him up at night. as they grow louder you'll explore the house and unlock the strange tales that echo through its walls. special director's cut includes: alternate ending and 2 additional hours of gameplay. got game 19.99|e17883d symantec backup exec for netware servers open file option - ( v. 9.2 ) - complet symantec e17883d : usually ships in 24 hours : : the backup exec for netware servers open file option enhances file protection by ensuring that every file on a netware 4.  460.7
0|snap! spelling (jewel case) give your youngster a head start with snap spelling the colorful cd-rom software that focuses on this important language skill. designed especially for kids ages five to nine this disc is chock full of entertaining graphics cleverly utilized to reinforce the basics of word formation through the rules of letter combination. with its solid blend of activities and education snap spelling takes kids from point a to z.features:12 animated story episodes in 2 partsinterrupt the story at any time indulge in word play funprintable word mastery achievement certificateswindows system requirements:pentium 90 mhz or higherwindows 95/9816 mb ram2x cd-rom drivewindows compatible sound card256 colors or higher display graphicsmousemac system requirements:68040 or higher (including power pc)imac g3 or highersystem 7.5 or higher16 mb ram2x cd-rom drivecolor display capablemouse topics entertainment 19.95|121745 diskeeper 2007 pro premier edition - complete package - 10 workstations - dvd - executive software international 121745 : usually ships in 24 hours : in stock : diskeeper pro premier provides unparalleled peak performance for power users and high-powered workstation computing delivering the ultimate high performance to those ...  787.56
0|stompsoft registry repair registry repair cleans repairs and optimizes your windows registry - and keeps your machine in excellent working condition. take care of the problems that cause sudden crashes stalls lockups error messages and more. clean out your windows registry so that your system operates at peak performance. with a few simple mouse clicks registry repair can easily fix clean and prevent many serious problems. stompsoft inc. 29.99|usoa289 iris readiris pro - ( v. 11 ) - complete package - 1 user - win iris group usoa289 : usually ships in 24 hours : in stock : readiris pro 11 the most advanced ocr software for mac quickly and easily transforms your paper documents into electronic files you can edit into your favorite application.  110.07
0|ultimate puzzle games ultimate puzzle collection includes four full version puzzle games for your pc. from easy to challenging for even the most seasoned puzzle players. enjoyed by all ages and it will keep you entertained for hours. includes super collapse! atlantis coral quest crystalize! and soda pipes. valusoft 19.99|adobe cs3 web premium system requirements powerpc g4 or g5 or intel core processor mac os x v10.4.8 java runtime environment 1.5 1gb ram 7gb free hard-disk space (additional space required during installation) 1024 x 768 display resolution with 16-bit video card dvd-rom ...  1659.99
0|chronos stickybrain 3.0 (mac) stickybrain 3 is the easy way to store and organize miscellaneous information thatjust doesn't fit neatly anywhere else. this third generation note manager makes it easier than ever to find and access your notes from any application. stickybrain is bound to become one of the most used and useful pieces of software on your computer. tabbed note viewing so you can keep multiple notes open in a single window alarm viewer lets you review and dismiss multiple alarms at once drag photos to notes from the built-in iphoto and clip art browser chronos l.c. 34.99|sibelius groovy music teaching software music production software groovy music - music teaching software for children 5 to 11 years groovy music from sibelius is a series of three software programs for elementary school students ages 5 to 11. the software teaches the basics of sound rhythm pitch and composition ...  59.95
0|apple final cut studio 2 upgrade from final cut pro (mac) final cut studio 2 upgrade from final cut pro delivers an integrated post-production solution that lets you move effortlessly from editing to color grading to creating motion graphics to sculpting audio to multiformat encoding and dvd authoring. this powerful new version features final cut pro 6 motion 3 soundtrack pro 2 compressor 3 dvd studio pro 4 and color the newest member of the suite. editing unleashed final cut studio 2 helps take you beyond mere editing. discover the intuitive power of new creative tools designed expressly for final cut pro editors. rapidly move through editing to motion graphics audio editing and mixing color grading and delivery--all as a natural extension of the work you already do. final cut studio 2 puts a powerful new version of final cut pro at the center of an integrated post-production workflow. final cut studio 2 includes final cut pro 6 motion 3 soundtrack pro 2 compressor 3 dvd studio pro 4 and color--a brand-new application for professional color grading. craft the perfect story using a tightly integrated and innovative suite of products created specifically for video editors. with xml to share project data and quicktime to seamlessly move media between systems final cut studio 2 can fit into virtually any production pipeline or newsroom. it's a final cut world independent filmmakers. hollywood film editors. corporate video and event producers. editors with hourly deadlines cutting broadcast spots or network news. hundreds of thousands of creative professionals all over the world have made final cut pro their first choice for editing. it has rapidly become an industry standard. building on this success apple has designed each application in final cut studio 2 with final cut pro editors in mind. start working quickly with intuitive tools and familiar interfaces. whenever you're ready for precise control a comprehensive set of features is just a click away. the editor's choice final cut studio 2 is fast fluid and flexible. use a laptop on location and a desktop in the studio. start with the tools you already use today and extend your reach when you're ready. final cut studio 2 has everything you need in a single product. edit. use final cut pro 6 for native editing of virtually any format--from dv and sd up to hdv xdcam hd dvcpro hd and fully uncompressed hd. or use prores 422 a new post-production format from apple that offers uncompressed hd quality at sd file sizes. drag clips with different formats and even different frame rates into the new open format timeline. animate. create stunning 2d and 3d motion graphics in real time with motion 3 the fastest and most intuitive way to animate and express your creative vision. just drag and drop to make dramatic particle effects explode into 3d space; form vector-based paint strokes with the swish of a pen. new motion master templates let you edit text and drop in video without leaving final cut pro. mix. record and edit dialogue add music and effects and complete your mix with ease. soundtrack pro 2 lets you work faster than ever in its new streamlined interface. you can even produce in surround sound using innovative visual tools. if you make changes to your edit in final cut pro you can rapidly update your audio mix with the powerful conform feature in soundtrack pro. grade. give your production a signature look or create a consistent feel for shots from different sources. color is the newest member of the final cut studio family offering professional color grading that can elevate the quality of any production. deliver. use compressor 3 to create pristine-quality output for a wide range of delivery formats--including the web ipod iphone apple tv and broadcast servers. a streamlined new interface lets you batch-process encoding with point-and-click ease. if film is your destination use cinema tools 4 to output film lists that combine timecode and keycode in a single list. or use dvd studio pro 4 for professional dvd authoring and mastering. post-production without walls final cut studio 2 is not just a product. it's a platform. open standards encourage innovation giving developers and partners the freedom to create custom solutions. with xml to share project data and quicktime to seamlessly move media between systems final cut studio 2 can fit into virtually any production pipeline or newsroom. whether you're working in a group of 2 or 200 final cut studio lets you collaborate with ease. share media seamlessly across multiple workstations with xsan. use final cut server--with or without xsan--for media asset management and workflow automation that is deeply integrated with final cut studio 2. whether you're cutting commercials editing feature films or pushing out the nightly news final cut server helps you work faster whenever you're working together. final cut pro 6one timeline. infinite possibilities. mix and match source material--both formats and frame rates--in real time using the new open format timeline in final cut pro 6. create exactly the look you want for your projects with the complete set of professional color grading and finishing tools in color. easily create sophisticated 3d environments with depth and realism--with the real-time 3d multiplane compositing tools in motion 3. fly through audio editing and mixing create immersive soundtracks and easily conform audio to video edits using the new streamlined interface in soundtrack pro 2. deliver your best work quickly and easily to virtually any format encoding hands-free on your local mac or across a network of connected mac systems with compressor 3. produce sophisticated fully interactive studio-quality dvd titles with drag-and-drop ease using dvd studio pro 4. the first choice of professional editors worldwide final cut pro 6 delivers high performance digital nonlinear editing native support for virtually any video format and facility-class extensibility and interoperability. its workflow extends through the other final cut studio applications and final cut server for even more power. whether you're working solo or collaborating with a team final cut pro gives you more creative options and technical control than ever before including: broad format support incredible real-time effects comprehensive editing tools expanded power as the hub of final cut studio open extensible architecture colorcolor grading is in the house. color grading involves more than color correction. just as different soundtracks can make a particular scene feel humorous romantic or menacing the look created by a color grade can radically alter the tone and mood of a sequence. color apple's new professional color grading application makes it easy for editors to create signature looks for projects ranging from short video pieces to full-length theatrical films. color offers the following key features: real-time professional color grading dramatic color effects cinema-quality signature looks final cut studio workflows motion 3now playing in 3d. motion 3 takes the complexity out of 3d by extending the 2d tools you already use. with its intuitive interface and rich toolset the only limit is your imagination. send particles exploding through space. swing cameras around an object with breathtaking ease. squiggle a vector-based paint stroke in 3d through the cosmos. motion 3 lets you create 3d motion graphics with drag-and-drop ease startling performance and unprecedented color fidelity. this powerful upgrade to apple's award-winning motion graphics software features: an intuitive real-time design environment flexible animation tools 3d motion graphics done right breathtaking filters and effects numerous time-saving features soundtrack pro 2the next wave in audio post. soundtrack pro 2 offers unprecedented convenience and power to editors. fly through audio editing and mixing with a new streamlined interface that combines the multitrack timeline and waveform editor in a single view. easily create immersive soundtracks with innovative surround sound tools. automatically conform your audio edit to changes made in your video edit. with its familiar interface and intuitive tools soundtrack pro is the final cut pro of audio post-production. key features of soundtrack pro 2 include: streamlined multitrack interface professional editing and dialogue tools intuitive surround sound automatic audio conform process intelligent workflows compressor 3create once. debut everywhere. with increasing demand for media distribution in multiple formats--ranging from hd broadcast to an ipod screen--it's more important than ever to be able to output files efficiently while keeping quality high. the streamlined interface of compressor 3 lets you quickly configure batch processes for encoding to a wide range of industry standard formats. or create format and standards conversions at pristine quality through sophisticated optical flow technology. for the ultimate high-speed workflow set up distributed encoding over a shared-media network powered by xsan. key features of compressor 3 include: streamlined encoding workflow industry-standard encoding support pristine format conversions distributed encoding dvd studio pro 4simply powerful dvd authoring. dvd studio pro 4 makes it easy to extend your creative vision to every aspect of dvd authoring. whether your project is simple or sophisticated you'll enjoy using familiar easy-to-use tools to produce the perfect presentation of your sd or hd content. a comprehensive set of advanced features is available whenever you want more control. key features of dvd studio pro 4 include: intuitive design environment professional authoring tools versatile dvd mastering post-production workgroups collaborate with a small team of editors in a boutique post-production facility. or build a custom workfl ow for a global news network. whether you're sharing a small number of media assets over a lan or supporting hundreds of editors on a san final cut studio makes it easy for everyone to work together. shared media assets small workgroups can share media over a lan or wan by copying assets from a shared volume to a local workstation. for a scalable high-performance shared storage solution final cut studio editors can collaborate over a fibre channel storage area network (san) powered by xsan. with xsan every editor on a project has concurrent access to source media files and never needs to transfer assets between workstations. each mac system accesses shared files on the san as if the storage were directly attached. xsan can support hundreds of concurrent clients and can easily be expanded to provide more storage capacity and bandwidth as your needs grow. asset management and workflow automation meet final cut server apple's powerful new media asset management and workflow automation software. final cut server takes the headache out of managing large collections of media files then extends to tracking job status managing reviews and approvals and automating complex sequences of tasks--all with apple's legendary ease of use and all in a single product designed to work seamlessly with final cut studio. final cut server combines server software designed to run on mac os x with a cross-platform client that runs on either macintosh or windows-based computers. collaborate over a lan or wan with a small number of users or leverage the power of xsan to share media across a large number of workstations. apple 699|01-ssc-6639 sonicwall email compliance subscription - subscription license ( 1 year ) - 1 se sonicwall 01-ssc-6639 : usually ships in 24 hours : : the face of e-mail threats has evolved dramatically in recent years.  176.38
0|final draft av 2.5 win/mac with final draft av is the option-packed dedicated script writing tool for audio-visual screenwriters -- anyone who writes for commercials documentaries or corporate videos needs it! three different script layouts to choose from -- they can be saved as stationery templates for future reuse custom headers & footers let users add names addresses page numbers episode numbers & more online knowledge base answers any questions you may have day or night final draft 199.99|csdc best of card games j/c - on hand software 1. over 150 varieties of classic card game favorites 2. multiple variations of solitaire poker oh hell fan tan spite and malice canasta and more! 3. plus 5 games just for kids! memory old maid go fish war and crazy eights! 4. cu  7.17
0|personal image manager personal image manager improves digital photo management. whether you want to email add captions or convert formats you have a simple tool that handles it for you. bring your photos to life and make them shine on your monitor with enhancements smart captions and other customizing tools that turn photos into memorable images. archive your entire personal image collection and burn it to cd or dvd smith micro software 29.99|total training for adobe creative suite 3 design premium the adobe design premium bundle is a collection of tools geared for creative professionals that work in both print and web mediums. while similar to the web premium bundle this video series also includes training on indesign cs3. let total training ...  279.95
0|10 outlet metal split surge fellowes' surge products give you excellent power protection for your connected equipment and help you save space with cord congestion solutions. their rugged designs give you the extra durability you'll want in high-traffic work areas. fellowes 0|filemaker mobile 8 what's included with filemaker mobile 8 installer: filemaker mobile 8 (mac or windows) on cd-rom pdf documentation on cd-rom documentation: filemaker mobile 8 user's guide languages: english french italian german spanish and japanese system ...  65.99
0|galaxy of games 5000 galaxy of games 1001 is egames biggest collection of games ever! choose from a wide variety of exciting categories including arcade casino puzzle card word games and more. choose from a wide selection of card games including: mahjongg bingo backgammon reversi. and many more! 2k games 19.99|encore software 10538 - adventure workshop preschool 7 by the learning company encore software 10538 : encore software adventure workshop preschool 7 by the learning company - 10538  17.97
0|family tree maker version 16 essentials family tree maker 2006 essentials makes it fast and easy to research your family history. the software provides an easy & complete resource for building and sharing your family tree. access more than five billion records and search through the world's largest online family history collection. design personal keepsakes with templates for easy sharing with family and friends encore 29.95|procoder 3 grass valley procoder 3 continues to provide high-speed high-quality video conversion between multiple formats incorporating the existing features and workflow options found in procoder 2.0 and adding several key new features including canopus hq ...  438.07
0|evergirl evergirl is an action adventure title for young ladies who are out to find themselves. they'll take charge of four teenagers as they try to find their place in the world based on their personalities. thq 14.99|now software nuw45e1k now up-to-date & contact for windows now up-to-date & contact offers identical functionality on both macintosh and windows platforms now up-to-date & contact is the ideal calendar and contact management solution for business schools organizations and individuals. it's available for ... now software 114.99
0|virtual labs: light easy-to-use experiments and highly accurate simulations with over 40 reproducible lab worksheets to help build an understanding of reflection and mirrors refraction and lenses and colors. edmark 19.95|bb117ac hp storageworks data protector express backup server - product upgrade package - hp bb117ac : usually ships in 24 hours : : hp storageworks data protector express is easy to install easy to use and easy to manage backup and recovery software suitable for organizations without dedicated it or disaster recovery staff.  459.3
0|cosmi rom07524 print perfect business cards dvd 50 000+ quality images / 9 000+ customizable templates / 600 professional fonts / 3 cd's of content on one dvd cosmi 0|adobe flash cs3 professional (mac) key features: creative flexibility software integration maximize productivity extend your reach...  699
0|apple shake 4.1 visual effects (mac) shake 4.1 lets you leverage the creative work you're producing in final cut studio even on the tight production budgets. shake provides the only compositing software with a complete toolset for both single artists and visual effects facilities -- the combination produces the world's most celebrated visual effects. use shake to create convincing photorealistic hollywood-caliber visual effects -- all on a desktop. apple computer 499|sony creative software vegas43;dvd production suite v.7.0 complete product ecost.com: sony creative software vegas+dvd production suite v.7.0 - complete product - multimedia - 1 user - complete productstandard - pc from the graphics & development software department  262.82
0|great invasions great invasions plunges you back into the dark age of europe when barbarian tribes and nation states quarreled & warred. lead armies in the epic conquest of europe -- by force or diplomacy your dominance must be established. conquer your opponents as the fate of the western world unfolds! multiplayer mode supporting up to 4 players via lan or internet strategy first 39.99|norton antivirus 2007 - 3 user pack norton antivirus 2007 blocks viruses and spyware with advanced protection. it helps protect your entire computer by stopping viruses worms and spyware. norton antivirus works in the background so you can surf the internet read the news play ...  49.95
0|adobe acrobat capture 100 000 page pack adobe acrobat capture for windows v3.0 100k/pp. replacement 100k page dongle. adobe 1514.99|babnur1111s01 brightstor arcserve backup for netware w/sp1 - ( v. 11.1 ) - version upgrade pac computer associates international babnur1111s01 : usually ships in 24 hours : : delivering reliable recovery & backup for your distributed environment centered around novell netware backup servers this easy to use solution protects your novell ...  379.23
0|adobe photoshop cs2 fundamental techniques by julieanne kost learn essential skills that will become a foundation for a creative and efficient workflow. you will gain a comprehensive understanding of the photoshop workspace environment and navigate with confidence into the myriad of menus and dialog boxes. julieanne will teach you timesaving and pixel-preserving techniques including some intermediate methods such as color management tonal adjustments layers masking and camera raw. software cinema 0|topics entertainment instant play keyboard v2.0 instant play keyboard on dvd-rom hits all the right keys for fast flexible pc-based keyboard instruction on four progressive software discs. keyboard foundation offers a comprehensive beginner?s curriculum covering everything from reading music ...  17.55
0|crayola first ladies costume maker introduces creativity while brining first ladies tolife!product informationin first ladies costume maker kids get to learn all about famous first ladies!children can dress up their own paper doll like jackie kennedy eleanorroosevelt mary todd lincoln and encore software 19.95|microsoft office 2004 std upgrade system requirements: g3 mac os x-compatible processor or higher mac os x version 10.2.8 or later 256 mb of ram 450 mb of available hard-disk space for a recommended install of office; 630 mb for a full drag-and-drop install of office cd-rom drive ...  219.99
0|hoyle south beach solitaire latin tempos and art deco style energize this unique and captivating solitaire game. it's endless hours of card-flipping fun! encore 9.99|apple logic express 7.2 top reasons to get logic express 7.2 universal compatibility: logic express 7.2 is a universal application which means it's designed to run natively on both intel- and powerpc-based macs. stay compatible as apple continues to deliver new ...  299.99
0|apple shake 4.1 visual effects (mac) shake 4.1 lets you leverage the creative work you're producing in final cut studio even on the tight production budgets. shake provides the only compositing software with a complete toolset for both single artists and visual effects facilities -- the combination produces the world's most celebrated visual effects. use shake to create convincing photorealistic hollywood-caliber visual effects -- all on a desktop. apple computer 499|83076 smarterm enterprise suite - ( v. 12.1 ) - upgrade license - 1 user - win esker software 83076 : usually ships in 24 hours : : smarterm terminal emulation software provides the high-level security features your business needs to protect sensitive host data including ssl and ssh encryption and sftp and scp for secure ...  146.42
0|quickstart pc cleaner xp is your computer running slower due to unwanted garbage and junk left in your system? just from normal everyday use your computer becomes clogged with junk registry files littered file fragments on your hard drive and other unnecessary files. now you can safely clean all that up with a single click with quickstart pc cleaner xp! selectsoft publishing 19.95|steinberg cubase 4 software - educational discount music production software cubase 4 - multi-track audio/midi recorder/editor software for mac os x and windows xp - educational discount special offer cubase 4 from steinberg is a native music production system combining full-featured audio and midi recording and editing ...  349.95
0|route 66 route canada (french) door to door route planning for canada and the us. over 4 000 000 points-of-interest more than 11 500 000 kilometers of road over 75 000 000 house numbers over 6 500 000 streets gps-compatible multi-lingual user interface including french system requirements: power macintosh with mac os x 10.1 powerpc 400 mhz processor 128 mb ram 2.38 gb free hard disk space cd-rom drive 256 colors at 800x600 pixels format: mac 10.1 or higher csdc 0|imagination international corp live bingo gone are the days of mom and dad missing their chance at bingo to pull numbers out of a bag! now the whole family can play along with live bingo the only interactive dvd game featuring this classic family activity. let live bingo's exciting sound ...  10.86
0|halo (mac) halo takes you deep into the far future with the fate of humanity hanging on your shooting skills! macsoft 29.99|bqcxd installshield 2008 professional edition - complete package + 1 year silver maint macrovision corporation bqcxd : usually ships in 24 hours : in stock : installshield is the industry-standard installation tool.  2549.59
0|valuesoft tune transfer for ipod - software for windows xp you love your ipod. we all do. but have you discovered that you can't move songs from your ipod to another authorized computer? that's because itunes only allows you to transfer files to your ipod. now with tune transfer you can move songs from your ipod perform backups of your song library and boost your ipod performance. pc minimum requirements - windows 2000/xp; pentium 500 mhz; 128 mb ram; 100 mb free hd space; cd-rom drive; working usb 2.0 or firewire; connection to ipod macintosh minimum requirements - system os x (10.1.5) or higher; g3 400 mhz processor; 128 mb ram; 100 mb free hd space; cd-rom drive; working usb 2.0 or firewire and connection to ipod use of this software in conjunction with itunes version 4.9 or later requires a patch for pc or mac - download here valuesoft 29.95|individual software jce-th6 total 3d home deluxe j/c total 3d home deluxe j/c jce-th6 individual software individual software 9.99
0|backup exec 10d win adv disk v10.1 lic only (e180518) general information - manufacturer: symantec corporation. - manufacturer part number: e180518 - marketing information: enables faster backups and restores through advanced disk-based backup and recovery including synthetic and off-host backups to perform zero impact backups. synthetic backups reduce backup windows and network bandwidth requirements and do not impact the original client. additionally synthetic backups allow for quick client restore from a single backup image to reduce the number of tapes and eliminate the need to restore from incremental backups. the off-host backup feature enables better backup performance and frees the remote computer by processing the backup operation of the remote computer on a backup exec media server instead of on the remote computer or host computer. product information - software type: backup and recovery - software name: backup exec 10d v.10.1 for windows servers advanced disk-based backup option - complete product - features and benefits: - full windows file system support - cluster configuration wizard - microsoft tape format read/write - microsoft operations manager support - graphical user interface / administration console - central admin server option - remote agent for linux and unix servers - desktop and laptop option - support for remote 64-bit windows systems - support for exchange server 2003 - support for sql 64-bit servers - support for oracle 10g - task wizards - backup via specified bac symantec corporation. 983.34|onone software inc. mpr-40212 mask pro 4.1 1u upgrade onone software inc. 66.27
0|mcafee virusscan plus 2007 with the wide variety of viruses hackers and blended threats lurking on the internet today you need more than a simple antivirus program to keep your pc and files secure. mcafee virusscan plus antivirus firewall & antispyware is the essential combination of protection to combat and defeat even the most sophisticated attacks. surf the web and download files safely knowing mcafee shields your computer around the clock. the mcafee securitycenter lets you view your protection status with just one click. view larger. mcafee offers a variety of software solutions to give you the level of protection that's right for your family or small business. view larger. 3-in-1 protection mcafee virusscan plus is 3-in-1 protection from viruses hackers and spyware that you can trust. relax knowing that you always have the latest protection updates software upgrades and enhancements delivered to you automatically. with mcafee you always have the most up-to-date protection. stop viruses. mcafee virusscan plus automatically blocks cleans and removes viruses so you can surf the web the safely. it cleans files e-mails internet downloads and instant messaging attachments and prevents the spread of viruses to co-workers friends and family. block spyware. mcafee also blocks spyware before it can install on your computer and removes existing spyware. secure your identity and privacy - while also keeping your pc from getting clogged with unnecessary programs and files. stop hackers. mcafee virusscan plus protects and conceals your computer from hackers so you can connect to the internet safely. the built-in firewall automatically denies internet access to malicious applications while allowing trusted programs to connect without unnecessary alerts or false alarms. in addition you are fully integrated with hackerwatch.org an anti-hacking database that provides additional tools and resources on hacker activities. security simplified the new mcafee securitycenter makes security easy. with one-click you can view your protection status. you can also check for updates and fix potential security issues. safe searching with mcafee siteadvisor in addition to 3-in-1 protection you get mcafee siteadvisor's web safety ratings which help you stay safe from adware spyware spam and online scams as you search browse and shop online. always on always protecting always updating when you install mcafee virusscan plus you are subscribing to the most up-to-date security software delivered to you by mcafee's patented security as a service (sas) technology. daily threat protection and updates are delivered to you 24/7 from mcafee's world-class research center mcafee avert labs. free software upgrades and enhancements are provided as long as your subscription is active. mcafee offers a variety of renewal options to keep your mcafee protection current. teams of experts are available 24/7 via internet chat and e-mail by visiting www.mcafeehelp.com. there is a 30-day money-back guarantee. if you are not 100% satisfied mcafee offers a full refund. new and improved features for 2007 mcafee virusscan plus includes these new and improved features: new: integrated anti-virus anti-spyware and firewall technologies. improved: spyware protection detects blocks and removes spyware and adware. new: complete inbound and outbound firewall protection automatically trusts known good applications and helps block spyware trojans and key loggers. new: mcafee systemguards watch your computer for specific behaviors that may signal virus spyware or hacker activity. new: mcafee x-ray for windows detects and kills rootkits and other malicious applications that hide from windows and other anti-virus programs. new: mcafee siteadvisor adds safety ratings to sites and search engine results based on comprehensive spam adware and online scam safety tests. new: stealth mode hides your presence on the internet. improved: mcafee securitycenter. new: mcafee network manager monitors pcs across your network for security weaknesses so you can easily identify network security issues. new: built-in computer health and performance tools. mcafee 39.99|dora the explorer: dora world adventures pc cd-rom travel around the world with dora and swiper to recover the missing friendship day parades all over the world. meet new friends and overcome pre-school-appropriate challenges as you explore activities and games from china tanzania russia and ...  19.99
0|crystal 3d impact! pro 1.25 (jewel case) once you try crystal 3d impact! pro you'll agree that this is the world's easiest-to-use 3-d animation program. within minutes you can enhance your web pages presentations and videos with extraordinary 3-d titles logos objects and buttons. create titles and logos that sizzle and spin in 3-d! you can even add drop shadows sparkles and reflection effects. crystalgraphics 79|diana krall yamaha diana krall - the look of love - smart pianosoft this innovative software series enables your disklavier mark iii piano to perform with the world's most popular cds! using yamaha's pianosmart technology this companion diskette will magically empower your disklavier mark iii to accompany the ...  14.86
0|burning monkey mahjongg (mac) burning monkey mahjongg brings you monkey madness as you play one-on-one against the world's most intelligent primates! freeverse software 24.99|dvd moviefactory 6 plus corel dvd moviefactory 6 plus windows  77.32
0|risk ii jc risk ii resurrects the classic game of military strategy. you're battling to conquer the world. to win you must launch attacks and defend yourself on all sides. the dangers are great but so are the rewards -- if you're willing to take the risk. the classic game of strategic warfare and global domination. it is the time of empires and armies countries and conquests. organize your forces in a ruthless campaign to crush your enemies and take their territories in this fast paced game of strategy negotiation and luck. see the classic family hit come to life with more ways to play advanced map options superior graphics and animated battles. deploy your troops attack your enemies and even betray your allies in an aggressive effort to take over the world! encore 9.99|1000pk multi pack instant pdf 4.0   63359.99
0|restricted area restricted area is an incredible combination of action gaming and deep role-playing. four very different people meet as they're trying to change their lives. choose one of these four to play -- and enter their dystopian world for a complex twisting story that involves a dark secret and a very large corporation. the advanced ai uses group tactics to react to your character's visible strength the weapon in their hands and more -- you'll have to think to survive cooperative multiplayer mode whiptail 19.99|petula clark yamaha downtown: the greatest hits of petula clark - smart pianosoft this innovative software series enables your disklavier mark iii piano to perform with the world's most popular cds! using yamaha's pianosmart technology this companion diskette will magically empower your disklavier mark iii to accompany the ...  14.86
0|instant immersion japanese 2.0 with instant immersion japanese deluxe you'll get entertaining instruction on japanese that moves at your own pace. build your speaking skills with the advanced speech recognition tools while the expert lessons make learning to read & write japanese easier -- and more enjoyable. topics entertainment 19.99|microsoft office 2004 software suite oem - mac apple & mac software office 2004 software suite oem - mac the office 2004 software suite oem for mac from microsoft brings the popular office suite of applications to the mac os x platform. office includes the industry-standard microsoft word for word processing ...  239.95
0|english - literature basics (win/mac) (jewel case)  fogware publishing 9.99|pinnacle studio ultimate version 11 studio ultimate helps you harness the power of the latest in technology - hd windows vista web publishing and more.  129.98
0|tomb raider: legend tomb raider: legend brings back the gaming world's sexiest and most intrepid adventurer. follow lara down a path of discovery as she travels the globe to remote exotic locales in search of one of history's greatest artifacts that unleash unwelcome figures from lara's mysterious past. use her skills to explore vast treacherous tombs riddled with challenging puzzles and deadly traps. physics water and fire systems bring the perilous environments of lara's world alive and challenge the player to improvise solutions to obstacles. jump into the future of adrenaline-fueled adventure. eidos interactive 19.99|production prem cs3 mac upgrad adobe cs3 production premium mac upgrade from production studio premium or standard adobe software 805.99
0|audio success series: winning strategies it's a multi-session motivational retreat in a box from high achievers and athletes! and with winning strategies on 13 audio compact discs you'll hear first-hand what drives a former navy seal an nfl quarterback and other successful individuals and acclaimed athletes to greatness. from overcoming adversity to finding motivation the winning strategies audio suite offers hours of inspiration. topics entertainment 0|aspyr leave the lights on-bundle system requirements: mac os 9.1 or mac os x 10.1 128 mb built-in memory stock g3 or g4 at 400 mhz or greater 700 mb storage space graphics acceleration required ati rage 128 radeon or nvidia geforce series 4x cd-rom drive system requirements ( ...  29.99
0|language lab german manufacturer warranty:andnbsp;andnbsp;90 days topics entertainment 39.99|22101258 adobe acrobat capture - ( v. 3.0 ) - license - 1 user 20000 pages - win - engli adobe systems 22101258 : usually ships in 24 hours : in stock : adobe acrobat capture 3.  268.2
0|mother goose - interactive storybook exciting activities that develop matching reasoning& critical thinking skillsproduct informationlittle golden books have been trusted by parents for more than 60 years. nowsome of the best-loved stories come to life on your computer. read along as you encore software 19.95|roxio recordnow 9 music lab (pc) key features: record music to your pc create ringtones multiple burning options create playlists ...  29.99
0|checkmark multiledger give your growing business a financial edge with checkmark multiledger a fully integrated accounting system. multiledger combines accounts payable accounts receivable inventory bank reconciliation and more in one program. including features and capabilities similar to those found in products that cost thousands of dollars multiledger integrates with checkmark's payroll and can network up to 10 users each with their own password and security options. users can set up multiledger at any time of the year and select a chart of accounts from the samples provided. easy set-up templates are included and transactions can be posted to any of 15 open months. data files can be imported and exported. a drill-down feature gives users instant access to gl journals customer reports and vendor reports. multiledger's users can enter transactions quickly using convenient pop-up lists. functions like converting a quote to an invoice or transforming a purchase order to a payable require only the click of a button. multiledger's files run cross-platform so you get both windows and macintosh versions in the same box. checkmark software 399|iview mediapro 2.6 media management product datasheet (pdf: 1.1mb) system requirements macintosh ? powerpc or newer such as imac g3 g4 ? mac os 9.1.x or mac os x (10.1.x) ? carbonlib 1.5 ? quicktime 6.x ? 8 mb of ram (os 9 allocation) ? monitor set to thousands or millions ? 13 mb ...  155.99
0|family tree maker version 16 collectors edition with family tree maker version 16 (collector's edition) you can access more than 5 billion records through ancestry.com as you research your family's history. the best-selling genealogy program for 15 straight years family tree maker lets you access some of the world's largest online data based including the u.s. records collection naturalization records immigration records and much more encore software 0|jason nyberg yamaha various grease - original movie soundtrack - smart pianosoft this innovative software series enables your disklavier mark iii piano to perform with the world's most popular cds! using yamaha's pianosmart technology this companion diskette will magically empower your disklavier mark iii to accompany the ...  18.5
0|valuesoft tune transfer for ipod - software for windows xp you love your ipod. we all do. but have you discovered that you can't move songs from your ipod to another authorized computer? that's because itunes only allows you to transfer files to your ipod. now with tune transfer you can move songs from your ipod perform backups of your song library and boost your ipod performance. pc minimum requirements - windows 2000/xp; pentium 500 mhz; 128 mb ram; 100 mb free hd space; cd-rom drive; working usb 2.0 or firewire; connection to ipod macintosh minimum requirements - system os x (10.1.5) or higher; g3 400 mhz processor; 128 mb ram; 100 mb free hd space; cd-rom drive; working usb 2.0 or firewire and connection to ipod use of this software in conjunction with itunes version 4.9 or later requires a patch for pc or mac - download here valuesoft 29.95|hidden expedition: titanic immerse yourself in an epic expedition. as part of the hidden expedition adventure league it is your job to explore the wreckage of the once majestic ship & collect antique artifacts for the titanic museum. collect treasures for the titanic museum. ...  15.5
0|44 years of the fantastic four the 44 years of fantastic four dvd lets you revisit and relive the wild adventures of the fantasic four -- the first family of superheroes! this collection brings together almost every fantastic four comic ever printed - from the first issue in 1961 through december of 2004. watch them keep each other alive as grow into a family while doing things no human before them could: travelling to alien planets mapping new dimensions getting involved in interstellar wars and so much more. git corp 49.99|zoo tycoon for windows everybody likes the zoo. and why not casual walks exotic animals and fried foods are good fun. managing a zoo of your very own is even better. zoo tycoon challenges you to build a zoo one path tile one iron-reinforced fence and one animal at a ...  25.99
0|vault360 combo capitalizing on the popularity of the ipod psp and zen vision vault360 combo allows consumers to transfer dvd's vcd's svcd's recorded tv or video files and now the addition of music and photos stored on their computers or from disc and many other sources to their device. vault360 directly connects to their device allowing for easy memory management. system requirements: pentium 3 1ghz or equivalent 256 ram 5 400 rpm 20+ gig hard drive 1024 x 768 24-bit graphics card windows xp operating system dvd- rom drive format: win xp navarre (software) 29.95|24100 punch! 5 in 1 home design - complete package - 1 user - cd - win punch! software 24100 : usually ships in 24 hours : in stock : punch! 5 in 1 home design is a suite of power tools for serious home design plus ultimate deck for the perfect outdoor addition to your living space.  36.28
0|sonic mega collection plus loaded with hyper-speed ring collecting fun sonic mega collection plus features sonic's early adventures that turned the blue dude with a 'tude into one of the first video game superstars. both long time fanatics and newcomers to the series will enjoy the infectious fun of these 13 sonic games and four other sega classics. this redesigned expanded collection also includes loads of bonus materials and a sonic museum filled with art comics and more. sega of america inc. 19.99|microspot macdraft professional edition system requirements operating system: macintosh os x 10.3.9 or higher processor: power mac g3 500mhz or higher memory (ram): 128 mb free hard disk space: 100 mb minimum screen resolution: 1024 x 768  249.99
0|cosmic blobs: lab rat edition (win & mac) cosmic blobs lets you create a fantastic mini animated movie complete with a soundtrack. bend stretch pull and flatten basic shapes like digital modeling clay into amazing 3d models. the easy-to-use mouse controls and colorful decorating activities offer endless ways to make fantastic and colorful objects. solidworks corporation 39.99|h&r block taxcut home and business with state e-file efile and sage act! 8 - win tax & finance software taxcut home and business with state e-file and sage act! 8 software for windows the taxcut home and business with state e-file and sage act! 8 software from h&r block is a tax preparation program that gives you the tools necessary to prepare and ...  73.95
0|apple mac os x tiger 10.4.6 family pack (mac) simply put apple mac os x tiger 10.4.6 will change the way you use a computer. breakthrough search technology stunning graphics and media unparalleled connectivity an intuitive user interface and a virtual toolbox chock full of cleverly integrated features -- all atop a rock-solid unix foundation -- give you the most innovative stable and compatible desktop operating system on the planet. period. note: this is the family pack bundle. you can also purchase a single license for mac os x tiger 10.4.6. the new dashboard hosts nifty mini-applications called widgets that keep you informed. spotlight is a lightning-fast search technology that illuminates every corner of your mac. view larger. safari boasts powerful rss support. see more safari features. ichat av supports multi-party high-quality video conferencing. quicktime 7 features user-friendly controls and pristine h.264 video. mac os x tiger is the most family-friendly operating system ever developed thanks to parental controls. view email protection. dashboard: get info in a dash the new dashboard hosts nifty mini-applications called widgets that appear instantly and keep you up to date with timely information from the internet. view stocks check weather forecasts track flights convert currency and units of measure even look up businesses in the phone book. similar to expos the dashboard zooms across your desktop at the click of a function key. your favorite widgets appear with up-to-the-second information then disappear just as easily so you can get back to what you were doing. dashboard is home to widgets: mini-applications that let you perform common tasks and provide you with fast access to information. with a single click dashboard appears complete with widgets that bring you a world of information -- real-time weather stock tickers flight information and more -- instantly. dashboard lets you play pause skip forward and backward through songs in your itunes music library using a simplified controller. you can view weather conditions around the world or check temperatures expected highs and lows and a six-day forecasts of cities around the world. a translator widget lets you translate words and phrases instantly between english chinese dutch french german greek italian japanese korean portuguese and russian. and you can use dashboard to search the phone directory by name or category to display the phone numbers and addresses for publicly listed u.s. businesses in your area. and best of all dashboard disappears just as easily as it appears so you can get back to what you were doing. tiger includes a suite of widgets to get you started and you can add more anytime. with so many widgets at your disposal the widget bar comes in handy. click the plus sign and dashboard launches a widget bar displaying every available widget. drag widgets from the bar to the dashboard and watch as they appear with a cool ripple effect. once you have your widgets where you want them just close the widget bar with a single click. spotlight: find anything fast tiger introduces spotlight the lightening-fast search technology that illuminates every corner of your mac displaying results as fast as you type. search everything on your system: files emails contacts images movies calendars and applications appear instantly. just as you find songs on itunes by name artist or album spotlight results take you way beyond mere filename and location: they include all the metadata inside files including the kind of content the author edit history format size and many more details. spotlight for mac os x tiger lets you blaze through your files and applications and see results as soon as you type the very first letter. that's because spotlight indexes files on your computer transparently and in the background so you never experience lag times or slowdowns. and when you make a change such as adding a new file receiving an email or entering a new contact spotlight updates its index automatically so search results are always up-to-the-moment accurate. spotlight even ensures that others only search for what they're allowed to find. files they shouldn't see never appear in spotlight search results keeping your data safe from prying eyes. when you search via spotlight you're actually accessing a comprehensive constantly updated index that sees all the metadata inside supported files -- the what when and who of every piece of information saved on your mac. most documents including microsoft word documents photoshop images and emails already contain rich metadata. and because spotlight indexes content as well your search results include what appears inside a file or document not just its title. you can also use descriptive words to get amazingly targeted results even across thousands of files. for example to find everything from a colleague type the person's name. spotlight returns documents she authored or edited images she emailed messages she wrote (and messages you sent to her) and her contact information. you see results in sorted categories for easy browsing picking and clicking. tiger: your communications center tiger turns your mac into a communications hub. safari rss for tiger features built-in rss feed detection and display. mail and address book incorporate spotlight technology to help you organize your contacts and correspondence. and ichat av lets you video conference audio chat or send instant messages with friends and colleagues. add a .mac account and make the most of tiger connectivity with idisk storage a mac.com email address your own home page and powerful syncing capability. works well with others mac os x tiger boasts better compatibility than any other desktop operating system in the world. you can share files with windows users connect to any network and communicate automatically with other macs using bonjour technology. and thanks to its solid unix foundation tiger offers a powerful security architecture that protects your data from prying eyes. experience mac os x tiger for yourself and see how it changes the way you work play search and share on a mac. can't find what you need? spotlight makes fruitless searches a thing of the past. think you can't write an automated script? try automator and think again. want to share media with friends and family? tiger's integrated features make it simple. in fact tiger offers a feature for every reason you use a computer and then some. apple computer 199|resume maker professional 12 are you looking for a job or looking to change jobs in the future? resumemaker deluxe will help advance your career more quickly and never miss another career opportunity! resumemaker is packed with powerful features that help you write a better ...  17.95
0|instant immersion translator deluxe 2.0 instant immersion translator deluxe 2.0 makes sure that your messages never lose something in the translation. this user-friendly suite of sophisticated language conversion tools are customized to meet all your translation needs. whether you need to convert e-mails text files or entire web pages you have a detailed two-way translation between english and 16 other languages. topics entertainment 49.99|encore software 33024 - hoyle solitaire (win 98 me 2000 xp) encore software 33024 : hoyle solitaire gives you 50 different variations of solitaire and built-in tutorials to teach you the rules from the official name in gaming hoyle. system requirements: windows 98/me/2000/xp pentium processor or faster 40 ...  8.44
0|sims 2 pets expansion pack create the perfect pet for your sims to train play with and love throughout a lifetime. pick everything from their paws to their personality. choose from dozens of popular dog and cat breeds like schnauzer and siamese. or create a unique cat or dog by modifying their features and body type. your sims can teach their pets tricks take them for a romp in the park to meet other furry friends or buy them toys beds and much more. but pets have minds of their own-so expect the unexpected! aspyr media 34.99|j8779a hp procurve manager plus - ( v. 2.0 ) - upgrade license - unlimited devices - wi hp j8779a : usually ships in 24 hours : : pcm+ 2.  2270.06
0|logic pro 6  apple 999.99|adventure workshop 1st-3rd grade. 8th edition (pc) encore key features: build essential skills 1st-3rd grade...  19.95
0|pdf create! 4.0 retail pdf create! 4.0 us en retail nuance communications inc. 49.99|enfocus software pp7.0-ug-001 - pitstop pro 7.0 upgr - 6.x or higher enfocus software pp7.0-ug-001 : enfocus software pitstop pro 7.0 upgr - 6.x or higher - pp7.0-ug-001  171.97
0|peachtree by sage premium accounting 2007 - accountants' edition peachtree premium accounting 2007 accountants' edition is the powerful multi-user ready accounting solution accountants need to service their peachtree clients more effectively and efficiently. create open modify and save client files from any member of the peachtree 2007 line plus handle complex tasks such as company consolidation compensation management and comprehensive budgeting. converts quicken and quickbooks data to peachtree (from 1999-2005) restore backed-up client data plus web transactions and customized forms e-mail forms and reports -- get invoices out faster save money on postage and avoid printing hassles quickly review all your clients' journal entries requires microsoft outlook 2000 2002 or 2003; outlook express 5 or 6; or other mapi compliant e-mail programs included tax forms - 940 941 941b 943 945 w-2 w-3 and over 180 state forms sage software 499.99|global software a9716jcw - crossword addict - win 95 98 me 2000 xp global software a9716jcw : this unique program allows crossword puzzle addicts to take their basic love of puzzles customize the interface to suit their preferences and add a series of interesting extra challenges. features 480 puzzles  8.79
0|dreamweaver cs3 9 mac ed 1u dreamweaver cs3 9 mac ed 1u adobe education box 199|software architectures and component technology 9780792375760 software architectures have gained wide popularity in the last decade. they generally play a fundamental role in coping with the inherent difficulties of the development of large-scale and complex software systems. component-oriented and ...  205
0|readiris pro 11 corporate edition (mac) mfr: iris inc. computers & accessories iris inc.> iris 499.95|matt glaser homespun tools for musicianship - learning and developing musical skills now on cd! these cds are packed with fascinating information important exercises and invaluable training techniques that will bring any aspiring musician to a higher level! whether into folk jazz bluegrass country classical or rock a player o  27.62
0|student home learning system for pc/mac the fogware student home learning system is one of the best learning tools on the market. with this collection of educational tools your children get the content they need to become better students. these learning systems are the ultimate educational packages and have all been teacher-tested and approved. fogware publishing 139.99|global software publ na sudoku millions of people buy newspapers for the daily sudoku puzzle a new addictive ritual as necessary a routine as that morning jolt of coffee! this program is chocked full of more than 20000 sudoku puzzles  4.82
0|persoft upg smarterm office v12.1 ( 73098 ) smarterm pc-to-host connectivity software has always delivered precise terminal emulation and high- performance access to data and applications residing on ibm mainframe as/400 (iseries) unix digital and data general host computing systems. now smarterm maximizes your investment and deployment options with the introduction of citrix and microsoft terminal services edition support across the range. the smarterm product line includes advanced solutions for access to a single type of host multiple host systems or hosts in multi-user windows environments - all featuring powerful tools for easy deployment flexible use and simple administration. smarterm office provides enterprise-wide access to multiple hosts: ibm mainframe as/400 (iseries) unix digital vax/ openvms and data general. persoft 0|firebox x550e gateway antivirus intrusion prevention service 1yr - watchguard -   329.37 gbp
0|classification & ecology (win/mac) (jewel case)  fogware publishing 9.99|bt00hna ibm rational robot - ( v. 6.0.0 ) - media - cd - win - english ibm bt00hna : usually ships in 24 hours : : ibm rational robot is a best-of-breed functional regression and configuration-testing tool for environments in which applications are developed using more than one ide and/or programming language.  108.95
0|microsoft asp net web matrix complex web programming is not usually considered a skill that non-programmers can pick up quickly - until now. by learning a few straightforward programming techniques and using the right tools plus this book non-programmers can create cool web applicat microsoft 30|kaplan act/sat/psat gold 2007 mac os x platform: windows 98 windows xp mac os x windows 2000 windows me windows nt  22.99
0|school zone flash action -- addition/subtraction (windows/macintosh) theres no better way for children to memorize numbers letters and math facts! transforms flash cards into exciting interactive learning games for independent or group use. school zone 12.99|media made easy volume 3 this is the best collection of media based products on the market. create edit record remix restore capture burn present. media made easy does it all. powerful and easy to use media made easy contains 8 full programs from some of the biggest ...  24.9
0|webroot spysweeper antispyware - 3 user with the desktop firewall/spy sweeper bundle you'll block unwanted intrusions into your pc and defend it from the growing world of online threats. webroot desktop firewall blocks will alert you to incoming traffic puts you in stealth mode for pc safety and monitors inbound & outbound traffic. spy sweeper protects you from spyware and the dangers their invasiveness can lead to. webroot software 39.99|freeverse software 005 - solace (mac 9.1-9.x 10.1 or higher) freeverse software 005 : turn-based strategy board game in the tradition of axis & allies. solo and online play for up to six players. units include archers cavalry sloops and catapults. the world of solace awaits for those who dare! system ...  18.97
0|victorymul submitwolf version 6.0 ( swolf6r ) submitwolf v6.0 by trellian llc win 9x/me/nt/2000/xp victory multimedia 149.99|xbox 360 faceplate - hotrod see it in action [take the 3d tour]customize your xbox 360? with the faceplate - hotrod from microsoft to match your personal style. with high-quality manufacturing this hotrod helps prevent cracking or peeling. it combines high-resolution ...  16.99
0|irispen express translator the irispen express translator is the fastest and most accurate pen scanner on the market! it's been redesigned to be lighter more compact and more ergonomically correct. you hold it like a highlighter - just slide the pen over the printed text. the usb-powered scanning pen easily connects to your laptop or desktop company. with an accuracy rate of over 99% the irispen express is the perfect tool for home business or school! scans wavy and distorted images programmable pen buttons - easily assign keyboard commands to the 2 pen buttons (enter space tab cursor up etc.) idle mode reduces power consumption powered by usb port - no need for external power supply directly connect to a pc notebook pocket pc tablet pc and macintosh devices iris 149.99|emc deployment mgr per/u 10001-15000u - webexp-15000   80382
0|math success deluxe 2006  topics entertainment 49.99|microsoft(r) access 2007 microsoft access 2007 is database software that helps users quickly track and report information with ease. it offers an improved user interface and interactive easy-to-use design capabilities. access 2007 makes it easy to start with ready-to-use ...  109.99
0|now up-to-date & contact v5.0 (mac) now up-to-date & contact is the only solution that addresses all of the problems that businesses and power users face. productivity is a lot like the weather. everyone talks about it but nobody does anything about it. staying organized is a continual struggle for most people. now you can manage all your appointments contacts notes and information. it's the solution for your busy modern life. best of all it's fully cross-platform -- it doesn't matter if you use macs or windows it looks and acts the same on both. professional rapid response via online support system automated faq and free email support now software 0|jungle software gorilla pro 4.0 film production power pc g3 or intel processor 256mb ram 512mb recommended 400mb available hard disk space macintosh os x 10.2 and above monitor capable of 1024x768 screen resolution  359.99
0|crystal reports xi professional edition the world standard for report creation just got better. crystal reports xi professional is an intuitive enterprise report designer that helps you rapidly create flexible feature-rich high fidelity reports with access to almost any enterprise data source. this latest release now makes data access report design and report maintenance easier than ever. business objects 495|zoo tycoon for windows everybody likes the zoo. and why not casual walks exotic animals and fried foods are good fun. managing a zoo of your very own is even better. zoo tycoon challenges you to build a zoo one path tile one iron-reinforced fence and one animal at a ...  25.99
0|iriscard pro business card scanner the iriscard pro business card scanner is the most popular multilingual business card scanning solution and is ideal for individuals and both large and small companies. by quickly and easily scanning your business cards the iriscard pro can help you keep a record of all important contacts. convenient and versatile it synchronizes with pocket pcs and palm devices as well as outlook and outlook express. to help keep you organized the iriscard pro features a one-touch export button so you can send your contacts to your favorite electronic address book after scanning them. the iriscard pro is a multilingual business card scanning solution that is ideal for both large and small companies. view larger. the system utilizes cardiris software the iriscard organizer tool. view screenshots. iriscard works with a variety of email software packages. view screenshots. small and easy to use the iriscard pro offers reliable and incredibly easy operation. simply insert your business cards inside the unit and they will be instantaneously captured into your computer with precision. you can also export or synchronize the data with your electronic address book so it's a snap to access the exact information you need when you need it. the iriscard pro works with a variety of email software packages including outlook outlook express address book now contact and entourage. it also recognizes cards from up to 56 countries features eight user-interface languages (english french spanish italian portuguese german dutch and russian) and is usb powered so it's the ideal travel companion. where and when to use the iriscard pro compact light and portable the iriscard pro comes in handy at home in the office or on the road. at home the iriscard pro lets you keep your personal address book always up-to-date. it's also an efficient full-color usb-powered twain photo scanner that digitizes your 4 x 6 pictures with up to 600 dots per inch (dpi) resolution. and thanks to its ergonomic design it's much more comfortable to use than regular flatbed scanners. at the office you can rely on the iriscard pro to help minimize disorganized piles of business cards cluttering up your desk. since this device scans retypes and exports your contacts in just seconds they're instantly available to you rather than scattered all over your workplace. the iriscard pro also helps you out when you're away from your home or office. whether at trade shows conferences or other out-of-town events the iris card pro is the best tool to quickly store new contacts and follow up on all your leads. after your trip you can choose the album view function which shows either a multi-card display to quickly visualize scanned cards or a single card display to easily add notes or additional information. special operating features the iriscard pro uses bcr technology that combines i.r.i.s. ocr and field parsing technologies for accurate recognition and field matching. the system also utilizes cardiris the iriscard business card recognition software and organizer tool. thanks to the user-friendly interface and automatic orientation deskewing and cropping of the business cards you'll never have to struggle to get consistent high-quality results. to rapidly and accurately convert business cards into database records the iriscard also offers state-of-the-art field analysis while the zoom function lets you see every detail in each card. designed for ocr on the fly this scanner gives you the option to drag and drop names emails and websites directly in the right database fields or in any application. additionally the windows version is enhanced with a database and useful sort search and selection tools to increase your daily contact management what's in the box usoa307 iriscard business card scanner usb cable calibration card for the scanner software cd-rom (cardiris business card organizer software demo version of readiris pro ocr software goodcontacts) quick installation guide and registration card and user license. iris 199.99|intuit quickbooks premier professional services edition 2007 software - win tax & finance software quickbooks premier professional services edition 2007 software for windows the quickbooks premier professional services edition 2007 software for windows from intuit is a bookkeeping application designed specifically for professional service firms. ...  349.95
0|intervideo dvd copy 5 platinum intervideo dvd copy 5 is fast dvd-copying and file-conversion software. in just three steps easily copy videos to most popular formats and now directly to your psp or ipod. with its unique copylater technology dvd copy saves you time and ensures high-quality output like no other copying software. save space by setting the file size and dvd copy will automatically calculate the best audio & video bit-rate settings copy any movie as a single video file or split it into individual files by chapter schedule copylater to batch convert videos while you're at work or asleep ensuring high-quality video output and freeing up your pc for when you need it copylater intelligent folder monitoring checks your video-download and recorded tv-program folders for new files and automatically convert them corel 49.99|global marketing partners icopydvds2 ultra by digital wunders full version dvd-rom  79.9
0|great invasions great invasions plunges you back into the dark age of europe when barbarian tribes and nation states quarreled & warred. lead armies in the epic conquest of europe -- by force or diplomacy your dominance must be established. conquer your opponents as the fate of the western world unfolds! multiplayer mode supporting up to 4 players via lan or internet strategy first 39.99|adobe cs3 web premium academic system requirements powerpc g4 or g5 or intel core processor mac os x v10.4.8 java runtime environment 1.5 1gb ram 7gb free hard-disk space (additional space required during installation) 1024 x 768 display resolution with 16-bit video card dvd-rom ...  479.99
0|kids power fun for kids kids power: fun for kids brnigs together great cartoon characters with fun educational activities. features four great games starring disney characters the spy kids and spy fox. topics entertainment 19.99|902453-007-e rumba unix-hp edition - upgrade license - 1 user - volume - level e ( 1000-1999 netmanage 902453-007-e : usually ships in 24 hours : : the rumba product family provides users secure access to mission-critical applications and data residing on virtually any host system from the latest windows desktops including windows xp and ...  106.48
0|money premium 2007 win32 eng na mini box us only cd model- ms-cd19382wi vendor- microsoft corporation features- microsoft money premium 2007- cd mini box microsoft money 2007 premium brings all your personal accounts -- banking credit and investment -- in one place and provides the tools you need for planning and achieving short- and long-term financial goals and making tax-smart investment decisions so you can improve your financial outlook today and optimize for your future. * includes everything in money 2007 deluxe - make online banking even easier with all of your accounts--checking savings investments and credit -- in one place with one password which makes keeping tabs on the day-to-day spending a breeze. plus money connects to thousands of banks and updates automatically helping you easily stay on top of your finances. - improve your investment strategy with access to tips guidance and relevant articles from the highly regarded experts on msn money. - new! savings and spending budget helps you plan for retirement savings and debt repayment as well as your monthly expenses. its the comprehensive budget solution that helps you see your savings grow and your debt shrink. - new! spending tracker allows you to track your spending by budget groups. view alongside the popular spending by category tracker for amazing awareness of your spending. - help protect and improve your credit reduce high-interest debt and learn more about your credit rating. - forecast your cash flow to predict how much money youll have in your day-to-day accounts in the coming months. - simplify tax time. money makes preparing and filing taxes easy with expert tips from tax professionals. tools such as the microsoft 118.46|cd72-ak9= cisco ios enterprise ipsec 3des - complete package - cd cisco systems cd72-ak9= : usually ships in 24 hours : : cisco ios (internetworking operating system) software is the platform that delivers network services and enables networked applications.  4837.39
0|microsoft windows xp professional full version with sp2 with windows xp professional edition with service pack 2 you get safer browsing and communication powerful security tools and improved experiences. windows xp is the operating system release that unifies the microsoft range with all the desktop versions now built on the nt/2000 code base rather than the shakier foundation of windows 95 98 and me. that makes xp a great upgrade for users of the now-obsolete 9x and me line but for those already on windows 2000 professional it is a closer call. despite the similar name there is no special synergy between windows xp and office xp which works fine on windows 2000. the security center lets you check the status of your essential security settings. xp certainly looks different with rounded window corners larger and more detailed icons and a clean-look desktop that on first installation shows only the taskbar and recycle bin. xp is also more customizable than earlier versions of windows and includes visual themes that let you change the whole appearance of windows in an instant. that is the window-dressing but underneath are some significant improvements. one of the most interesting is remote desktop. a standard xp feature this uses technology from microsoft terminal server to enable users to access their computer over any connection; for example by dialing into the office from home. this is not just file access--this technology lets you run applications remotely as if you were sitting at your desk at work. this is mature technology stable and carefully thought out. so for example you can print from a remote word processor to a local printer. a variation on the theme is remote assistance where the user can allow a remote helper to view their desktop or optionally gain control of the keyboard and mouse in order to troubleshoot a problem. the feature can also be disabled to ease security concerns. laptop users benefit from enhanced power management with options to extend battery life by reducing cpu speed and display brightness. irda support has been fixed so that unlike windows 2000 windows xp can easily use modems in mobile telephones via infrared. a new screen font cleartype improves legibility for laptop or other flat screens and there is built-in support for wireless networking using the popular 802.11 standard. a great feature of xp also found in windows 2000 is the ability to synchronize network files with offline copies. previously these files could not be stored securely but now they can be encrypted. the information bar in windows xp professional edition with service pack 2 notifies you when it blocks activex control or active content and then lets you decide what to do. for web browsing xp comes with internet explorer 6.0. the enhancements in ie 6.0 are mainly of interest to web developers and in any case microsoft makes ie freely available to all windows users. although java is not installed by default it is not difficult to download a java virtual machine (jvm). windows messenger originally a chat client has evolved into a collaboration tool that allows for video conferencing and application sharing. service pack 2 allows users to instruct internet explorer how to handle downloads from a specific publisher the most significant new feature for internet users is the built-in firewall. a firewall protects against one of the most disturbing security risks in which other users unknown to you might connect to your computer while it is online reading private files or causing other damage. xp's built-in firewall is a simple affair but it does prevent most types of unauthorized connection. windows xp has strong multimedia features. the new media player lets you copy music from cd to hard disk create your own playlist and write your own music cds if you have a cd writer. although there is loss of quality as a result of compression the process is easy and convenient. media player 8.0 can play back dvd video but only if a hardware or software dvd decoder is already installed. you can also play mp3 audio files and mpeg videos but sadly not the popular realmedia formats. in the end media player does nothing that you cannot also do with free alternatives but it is slick and nicely integrated. the xp user interface is not a radical departure from earlier versions of windows but there are a number of small changes that together add up to a significant improvement. the start menu now automatically features the most frequently used programs at the top of the list and you can add and remove shortcuts by right-clicking the icon and selecting pin or unpin from the pop-up menu. windows online help is integrated into a help and support center that works like an internal web site with searchable help tutorials and walk-throughs. windows xp professional includes all the features of windows xp home and adds support for dual processors encryptable file systems offline folders the remote desktop as described above and extra administration features that come into play when connected to a windows server domain. xp is demanding on hardware and it would be a mistake to install it on less than microsoft's recommended minimum requirements. there is also activation to consider a mildly annoying anti-piracy measure that requires you to obtain a code from microsoft for full installation and in the future if you reinstall or make major system changes. windows xp service pack 2 features internet explorer pop-up blocker makes browsing the internet more enjoyable by enabling you to reduce unwanted ads and content. internet explorer download monitoring warns you about potentially harmful downloads and gives you the option to block files that could be malicious. internet explorer information bar provides better information about events that are happening as you browse the web so it& 8217;s easier to know what& 8217;s going on and address potential security issues. windows security center allows you to easily view your security status and manage key security settings in one convenient place. windows firewall update automatically turned on by default this improved firewall helps protect windows xp from viruses worms and other security threats that can spread over the internet. improved wireless support dramatically improves and simplifies the process of discovering and connecting to wireless networks. bluetooth technologies enables you to easily connect to the latest bluetooth-enabled hardware devices such as keyboards cell phones and pdas. windows media player 9 series makes it easy to enjoy music video and broadband content with enhanced security. microsoft 299.99|prison tycoon from chaos comes order. private prisons have become the new growth industry. you will construct and run an efficient rehabilitation facility with nothing but money on your mind. there's no escaping under your watchful eye as you oversee every detail ...  8.95
0|microsoft mappoint 2006 standard edition microsoft mappoint 2006 helps business users to visualize analyze and communicate data. it includes updated geographic and demographic data plus text and voice-prompted driving guidance. make it easier for organizations to visualize their business in a whole new way. getting to meetings and customers is easy; just plug it into your laptop and go! microsoft 299|encore software 12510 - alien disco safari - win xp vista encore software 12510 : disco hungry aliens have invaded earth and they re coming after our disco records! load your weapons and stop them before it s too late! system requirements: windows xp (home and pro) sp2/vista; pentium iii 1.0 ghz processor ...  18.97
0|john deere: welcome to merriweather farm kids will delight to see johnny tractor (j. t.) and his friends allie gator and corey combine who live work and play at merriweather farm. follow their adventures as they plow the fields take care of the farm animals and harvest crops. global software publishing 19.99|pcmover software utility ecost.com: pcmover software utility from the utilities software department  39.96
0|varmint hunter (jewel case) in country varmint hunter you'll big points for taking care of big pests. a swarm of varmints are invading the countryside -- flying jumping and annoying everyone they come across. it's up to you and your sharp-shooting skills to get rid of 'em. encore 9.99|corel intervideo windvd 8 gold software for windows authoring software windvd 8 gold software for windows the windvd 8 gold software for windows from corel intervideo is a dvd video playback application for windows. the software leverages computer technologies such as dual-core processors and nvidia pure video graphics ...  49.95
0|cakewalk project5 version 2 project5 version 2 blurs the boundary between studio and stage and capture the moment as it happens. it gives you a complete set of superb quality instruments and effects for high-quality larger than life sounds - all easily in view and right at your fingertips. use its powerful recording looping sequencing and arranging tools to extend your music world. it's got all the power flexibility and portability you need in a music workstation. bring your inspiration to life whenever and wherever the passion strikes with project5 version 2. layer synths play splits from one controller route multiple controllers to multiple virtual instruments intuitive hands on control from midi keyboards and controllers optimized real-time audio engine for the feel of live performances advanced synth layering and keyboard mapping groovematrix for real-time triggering of individual midi patterns or audio loops dual-mode pattern editor for fast and extensive beat-making and pattern editing audio looping tools for matching project tempo and pitch changes automatic beat matching flexible time stretching/pitch shifting and support for multiple loops per track preview audio loops and midi patterns before rolling them out with the pattern browser simple audio recording and editing - add vocals guitars and other physical instruments to your songs to create that finished project multi-lane tracks for multi-timbral synths and advanced arranging techniques cakewalk 259|software cinema dvd rom: how to wow - best of photoshop cs2 (training) photoshop software dvd rom: how to wow - best of photoshop cs2 (training) by with jack davis software cinema - how to wow - best of photoshop cs2 - learn the best of the new features offered in photoshop cs2 with jack davis. jack will demonstrate the adobe bridge and ...  124.95
0|weekly reader mastering high school 2008 the weekly reader mastering middle school learning system provides a complete and proven system for accelerated learning. developed by educational experts it includes all the core subjects a child is expected to master. lessons are taught using revolutionary multi-sensory tools -- interactive questions cutting edge graphics video audio activities games audio books integrated quizzes and top-ranking reference materials. the progress report tracks student progress and provides parents a valuable tool to instantly see where a child is doing well or needs extra work. now works on ipod and ipod nano for learning on the go! for grades 9 through 12. fogware publishing 29.99|5325302020 snap enterprise data replicator advanced - license - 1 server - linux unix win adaptec 5325302020 : usually ships in 24 hours : : snap enterprise data replicator advanced (snap edr advanced) is a high-performance network-optimized software solution for managing and reporting on business-critical information throughout a ...  1320.64
0|gsp crossword addict crossword addict (win 95 98 me 2000 xp) global software publishing north america inc 9.99|avanquest pdf-xp5-0005 expert pdf pro 5 5 user pack uk expert pdf pro - ( v. 5 ) - complete package - 5 users - cd - win - english - united kingdomexpert pdf pro makes it really easy to convert any document into high quality pdf files. one click and you are done! converting an excel sheet or a word ...  88.64 gbp
0|eovia carrara 5 pro carrara 5 pro enables artists to build a complete animated project from start to finish -- all with a single piece of software. it multitude of features give you a robust suite of modeling animation and rendering tools. from the multiple modelers to the preset textures and shaders to the ultra-fast and realistic rendering carrara 5 gives you all you need -- wrapped in an intuitive user interface that experienced 3d artists and novices alike will embrace. the software supports both macintosh and windows platforms takes advantage of opengl acceleration and network rendering and provides superior interchange with industry-leading design applications web tools and video editing and effects software. volumetric clouds realistically scatter the light of the atmosphere 3d manipulators and edge-tools advanced surface tools and soft selection object replicator tool all-new particle system animation graph editor eovia 0|microsoft uea-00033 - visual studio 2005 team edition for database professionals with msdn premium subscription renewal - complete product - software development - standard - 1 user - complete product - pc- free shipping microsoft uea-00033 : visual studio team edition for database professionals delivers a market-shifting database development product designed to manage database change improve software quality through database testing and bring the benefits of ...  2072.97
0|scrabble play against one of eight challenging computer opponents or take on your friends and family in four different game modes. play the way you remember in classic mode race against the clock in blitz climb to the top in a tournament or set up a custom tournament and play scrabble your way! play against a friend or a computer opponent with ai designed by real scrabble champions. destineer 24.99|monarch std (v9.0) network starter 4-user rtl box - datawatch - fpm32c090-a04n monarch allows business users to easily extract analyze and exportdata from existing reports?without programming?puttingan end to flipping through thick reports and re-keying data intospreadsheets or waiting for it to provide access to needed ...  1157.21 gbp
0|print shop 22 pro publisher deluxe with print shop pro publisher deluxe 22 you can unlock your publishing potential! this software is your complete source for designing powerful publications for all of your home and business needs is bigger and better than ever. it's the simple effective way to create banners business cards cd/dvd labels signs greeting cards invitations and more! small business center dvd for windows - requires pc with dvd drive to run encore 99.99|cluefinders 3rd grade adventures with adapt the exclusive adapt learning technology develops essential 3rd grade academic skills. kids will go on a thrilling jungle adventure. features: many educational activities where kids build math logical reasoning skills and much more! win/mac  9.95
0|reader rabbit learning system 1st grade more than 100 activities using math spellingscience and more!product informationadvance your child's essential skills for learning success with reader rabbit1st grade learning system!&nbsp; your child will gain learning independenceconfidence creativity a encore software 29.99|corel corporation corel snapfire plus ignite photo fun with corel snapfire plus! this easy-to-use software helps you easily retouch photos like a pro share them in new entertaining ways backup your collection and so much more! system requirements: windows xp wind  37.2
0|audition 2 win ed ue 1u audition 2 win ed ue 1u adobe education box 149|encore software 11770 - risk ii - win 95 98 encore software 11770 : the ultimate test of strategy... - advanced map option - simultaneous turn option - race to the finish in mission based play option - superior 3-d graphics - multi-player (lan or internet) system requirements: multimedia pc ...  7.69
0|norton internet security 2008 10 user stay protected from the latest online threats. norton internet security 2008 runs quietly in the background to detect and block today's complex threats and to protect your identity when you buy bank or browse online. the friendly and efficient product design helps minimize confusing security alerts and system slowdowns that can get in the way of your online experience. and if you need help an integrated online chat tool connects you to our support professionals so you have easy access to the answers you need. in addition to protection updates norton internet security provides new product features as available throughout your service subscription. norton internet security 2008 runs quietly in the background to detect and block today's complex threats and to protect your identity when you buy bank or browse online. stay protected from the latest online threats. norton internet security 2008 runs quietly in the background to detect and block today's complex threats and to protect your identity when you buy bank or browse online. key benefits blocks online identity theft--an extra layer of security protects when you buy bank or browse. detects and eliminates spyware--provides advanced protection against today's latest threats. removes viruses and internet worms--fast and quiet scans provide comprehensive automatic protection. protects against hackers--safeguards your computer with a smart firewall that automatically configures protection settings. includes full versions of the following products: norton antivirus norton personal firewall norton antispyware norton identity safe--new! norton antiphishing new features and enhancements--what's new norton identity safe keeps your personal information and your identity safe when you buy bank and browse online. enhanced performance lets you start scan and run faster so you can enjoy your online experience. get help fast with free online technical support via live chat and email all from within the product. optimized product design improves scan times and decreases impact on system startup and resource usage. sonar (symantec online network for advanced response) technology delivers behavior-based protection that can detect emerging spyware and viruses even before traditional signature-based definitions are available. stores and encrypts your passwords and other confidential data automatically filling it at your request to save time and protect it from being stolen by eavesdropping keystroke loggers. network security monitoring checks the status of your wireless network security maps connected devices and provides expert advice on managing your network security settings. start scan and run faster. improved performance delivers an enhanced online experience. norton antivirus: antivirus and antispyware protection rootkit detection and intrusion protection protects your computer by automatically detecting and removing spyware viruses trojan horses and internet worms. exchange files via email and instant messaging without worrying about receiving threats on your computer or spreading them to others. stays out of your way. runs quietly in the background without requiring you to respond to confusing security alerts. threat blocking technology quietly monitors system activities to stop most spyware viruses and worms before they can install and cause damage on your system. email and instant message scanning detects and removes infected attachments even if they're hidden in archives. rootkit detection finds and removes threats that are hidden deeply in the operating system. internet worm protection blocks an entire class of viruses spyware and worms with a single threat signature. thorough pre-installation scan cleans out spyware and virus infections that can obstruct ordinary protection. quick scan automatically runs on receipt of new definitions to help ensure protection against the latest threats. full system scan performs a deep scan of the system and hard drive to remove existing spyware viruses and other threats. norton identity safe: antiphishing web site authentication eavesdropping protection and confidential information management advanced phishing protection identifies and blocks fraudulent web sites designed to steal personal information. adds a layer of targeted real-time identity theft protection to prevent identity thieves from eavesdropping on your online shopping transactions and banking and brokerage sessions from login to logout. blocks hard-to-detect phishing sites by deeply analyzing web page elements for evidence of criminal activity. authenticates the web location and credentials of the most popular banking and shopping sites so you know you're dealing with the true site and not a fake. norton personal firewall: two-way firewall stay hidden when connected with a smart firewall that automatically configures protection settings. log on at home at a cafe or on the road and norton internet security automatically optimizes your security settings. two-way firewall blocks hackers from breaking into your computer and stops spyware from transmitting information. trust control automatically optimizes your protection settings based on the network--wired or wireless public or private--to which you're connected. additional features the norton add-on pack delivers optional solutions for you and your family including antispam and parental controls. connect with confidence knowing your protection is continuously updated for one year as new threats emerge. includes protection updates and new product features as available throughout the renewable service period. intrusion prevention shields newly discovered security holes in the operating system and applications to prevent viruses worms and hackers from entering through these vulnerabilities. includes one year of automatic definition updates new product features and access to updated versions of norton internet security throughout the life of your service subscription. symantec 199.99|alan pasqua yamaha alan pasqua - latin jazz - (for cd-compatible modules) masterful pianist alan pasqua performs eight songs on this cd in the pianosoft plus audio artist series ? seven beloved classics from the latin jazz songbook and one original. includes: black orpheus ? corcovado ? desafinado ? how in  29.4
0|pdf converter 4 scansoft pdf converter 4 instantly converts pdf files into documents spreadsheets and forms that look exactly like the original - complete with all formatting and graphics! information is set free to be edited and integrated into your documents. superior formatting image-only pdf handling and page-range selection mean you'll save more time than ever before. pdf converter works within the applications that you use every day including microsoft word excel and outlook as well as corel wordperfect. if you need more from pdf than paper trapped behind glass - then you need pdf converter! instantly converts pdf files into documents forms and spreadsheets. files will look just like the original - complete with text columns tables and graphics. includes pdf converter assistant to select page or range of pages to convert. pdf converter works within the applications that you use every day including microsoft word excel and outlook as well as corel wordperfect. pdf converter can even be used to extract charts and graphs from pdf files so they can be reused in microsoft powerpoint and other applications with cut-and-paste ease! pdf converter lets you turn static pdf forms into editable microsoft word forms with a single mouse click. pdf converter was developed in collaboration with microsoft so it seamlessly integrates with the applications you use every day - microsoft word outlook internet explorer and windows explorer. nuance 49.95|century software ttpl-1 - century tinyterm plus v.4.0 - complete product - connectivity/data acess - 1 user(s) complete product - standard - english - pc century software ttpl-1 : tinyterm plus addresses the host connectivity needs of enterprise-level organizations that require access to ibm mainframes mid-range computer systems and unix / linux servers. standardizing on tinyterm plus offers easy ...  188.97
0|mcafee virusscan plus 2007 with the wide variety of viruses hackers and blended threats lurking on the internet today you need more than a simple antivirus program to keep your pc and files secure. mcafee virusscan plus antivirus firewall & antispyware is the essential combination of protection to combat and defeat even the most sophisticated attacks. surf the web and download files safely knowing mcafee shields your computer around the clock. the mcafee securitycenter lets you view your protection status with just one click. view larger. mcafee offers a variety of software solutions to give you the level of protection that's right for your family or small business. view larger. 3-in-1 protection mcafee virusscan plus is 3-in-1 protection from viruses hackers and spyware that you can trust. relax knowing that you always have the latest protection updates software upgrades and enhancements delivered to you automatically. with mcafee you always have the most up-to-date protection. stop viruses. mcafee virusscan plus automatically blocks cleans and removes viruses so you can surf the web the safely. it cleans files e-mails internet downloads and instant messaging attachments and prevents the spread of viruses to co-workers friends and family. block spyware. mcafee also blocks spyware before it can install on your computer and removes existing spyware. secure your identity and privacy - while also keeping your pc from getting clogged with unnecessary programs and files. stop hackers. mcafee virusscan plus protects and conceals your computer from hackers so you can connect to the internet safely. the built-in firewall automatically denies internet access to malicious applications while allowing trusted programs to connect without unnecessary alerts or false alarms. in addition you are fully integrated with hackerwatch.org an anti-hacking database that provides additional tools and resources on hacker activities. security simplified the new mcafee securitycenter makes security easy. with one-click you can view your protection status. you can also check for updates and fix potential security issues. safe searching with mcafee siteadvisor in addition to 3-in-1 protection you get mcafee siteadvisor's web safety ratings which help you stay safe from adware spyware spam and online scams as you search browse and shop online. always on always protecting always updating when you install mcafee virusscan plus you are subscribing to the most up-to-date security software delivered to you by mcafee's patented security as a service (sas) technology. daily threat protection and updates are delivered to you 24/7 from mcafee's world-class research center mcafee avert labs. free software upgrades and enhancements are provided as long as your subscription is active. mcafee offers a variety of renewal options to keep your mcafee protection current. teams of experts are available 24/7 via internet chat and e-mail by visiting www.mcafeehelp.com. there is a 30-day money-back guarantee. if you are not 100% satisfied mcafee offers a full refund. new and improved features for 2007 mcafee virusscan plus includes these new and improved features: new: integrated anti-virus anti-spyware and firewall technologies. improved: spyware protection detects blocks and removes spyware and adware. new: complete inbound and outbound firewall protection automatically trusts known good applications and helps block spyware trojans and key loggers. new: mcafee systemguards watch your computer for specific behaviors that may signal virus spyware or hacker activity. new: mcafee x-ray for windows detects and kills rootkits and other malicious applications that hide from windows and other anti-virus programs. new: mcafee siteadvisor adds safety ratings to sites and search engine results based on comprehensive spam adware and online scam safety tests. new: stealth mode hides your presence on the internet. improved: mcafee securitycenter. new: mcafee network manager monitors pcs across your network for security weaknesses so you can easily identify network security issues. new: built-in computer health and performance tools. mcafee 39.99|onone software essentials for adobe photoshop elements version 2 - full   59.33
0|your desktop post office for pc your desktop post office allows you to print usps postage using your pc printer and internet connection. just a couple of mouse clicks and you have exact postage printed on envelopes shipping labels or paper. you can even print addresses at the same time. plus with the addition of new photo netstamps you can make customized stamps featuring your photos or business logos. handling postage has never been easier. no more trips to the post office no more waiting in line no more expensive postage meters. stamps.com 14.99|steinberg cubase studio 4 software music production software cubase studio 4 - music production system for mac os x and windows xp special offer cubase studio 4 from steinberg is an audio/midi editor/recorder software program tailored to project studios and creative musicians. built around the same core ...  399.99
0|microsoft windows xp professional full version with sp2 with windows xp professional edition with service pack 2 you get safer browsing and communication powerful security tools and improved experiences. windows xp is the operating system release that unifies the microsoft range with all the desktop versions now built on the nt/2000 code base rather than the shakier foundation of windows 95 98 and me. that makes xp a great upgrade for users of the now-obsolete 9x and me line but for those already on windows 2000 professional it is a closer call. despite the similar name there is no special synergy between windows xp and office xp which works fine on windows 2000. the security center lets you check the status of your essential security settings. xp certainly looks different with rounded window corners larger and more detailed icons and a clean-look desktop that on first installation shows only the taskbar and recycle bin. xp is also more customizable than earlier versions of windows and includes visual themes that let you change the whole appearance of windows in an instant. that is the window-dressing but underneath are some significant improvements. one of the most interesting is remote desktop. a standard xp feature this uses technology from microsoft terminal server to enable users to access their computer over any connection; for example by dialing into the office from home. this is not just file access--this technology lets you run applications remotely as if you were sitting at your desk at work. this is mature technology stable and carefully thought out. so for example you can print from a remote word processor to a local printer. a variation on the theme is remote assistance where the user can allow a remote helper to view their desktop or optionally gain control of the keyboard and mouse in order to troubleshoot a problem. the feature can also be disabled to ease security concerns. laptop users benefit from enhanced power management with options to extend battery life by reducing cpu speed and display brightness. irda support has been fixed so that unlike windows 2000 windows xp can easily use modems in mobile telephones via infrared. a new screen font cleartype improves legibility for laptop or other flat screens and there is built-in support for wireless networking using the popular 802.11 standard. a great feature of xp also found in windows 2000 is the ability to synchronize network files with offline copies. previously these files could not be stored securely but now they can be encrypted. the information bar in windows xp professional edition with service pack 2 notifies you when it blocks activex control or active content and then lets you decide what to do. for web browsing xp comes with internet explorer 6.0. the enhancements in ie 6.0 are mainly of interest to web developers and in any case microsoft makes ie freely available to all windows users. although java is not installed by default it is not difficult to download a java virtual machine (jvm). windows messenger originally a chat client has evolved into a collaboration tool that allows for video conferencing and application sharing. service pack 2 allows users to instruct internet explorer how to handle downloads from a specific publisher the most significant new feature for internet users is the built-in firewall. a firewall protects against one of the most disturbing security risks in which other users unknown to you might connect to your computer while it is online reading private files or causing other damage. xp's built-in firewall is a simple affair but it does prevent most types of unauthorized connection. windows xp has strong multimedia features. the new media player lets you copy music from cd to hard disk create your own playlist and write your own music cds if you have a cd writer. although there is loss of quality as a result of compression the process is easy and convenient. media player 8.0 can play back dvd video but only if a hardware or software dvd decoder is already installed. you can also play mp3 audio files and mpeg videos but sadly not the popular realmedia formats. in the end media player does nothing that you cannot also do with free alternatives but it is slick and nicely integrated. the xp user interface is not a radical departure from earlier versions of windows but there are a number of small changes that together add up to a significant improvement. the start menu now automatically features the most frequently used programs at the top of the list and you can add and remove shortcuts by right-clicking the icon and selecting pin or unpin from the pop-up menu. windows online help is integrated into a help and support center that works like an internal web site with searchable help tutorials and walk-throughs. windows xp professional includes all the features of windows xp home and adds support for dual processors encryptable file systems offline folders the remote desktop as described above and extra administration features that come into play when connected to a windows server domain. xp is demanding on hardware and it would be a mistake to install it on less than microsoft's recommended minimum requirements. there is also activation to consider a mildly annoying anti-piracy measure that requires you to obtain a code from microsoft for full installation and in the future if you reinstall or make major system changes. windows xp service pack 2 features internet explorer pop-up blocker makes browsing the internet more enjoyable by enabling you to reduce unwanted ads and content. internet explorer download monitoring warns you about potentially harmful downloads and gives you the option to block files that could be malicious. internet explorer information bar provides better information about events that are happening as you browse the web so it& 8217;s easier to know what& 8217;s going on and address potential security issues. windows security center allows you to easily view your security status and manage key security settings in one convenient place. windows firewall update automatically turned on by default this improved firewall helps protect windows xp from viruses worms and other security threats that can spread over the internet. improved wireless support dramatically improves and simplifies the process of discovering and connecting to wireless networks. bluetooth technologies enables you to easily connect to the latest bluetooth-enabled hardware devices such as keyboards cell phones and pdas. windows media player 9 series makes it easy to enjoy music video and broadband content with enhanced security. microsoft 299.99|the sims expansion collection vol 1   8.72
0|multiplication and division grades 3-4 on-track multiplication & division grades 3-4 teaches important math concepts the fun & easy way -- through a set of electronic storybooks kids will enjoy reading! ages 7-9 school zone 9.99|elementary school success deluxe 2006 addressing dozens of school fundamentals from spelling and subtraction to the solar system and beyond the elementary school success deluxe software suite is the youngster-friendly touchstone of learning. a wealth of knowledge provided on 13 ...  12.95
0|ca brightstor arcserve backup r11.1 for netware tape library option - service pack arcserve bkup r11.1 nw tlo sp1- prod only computer associates 0|hidden expedition: titanic immerse yourself in an epic expedition. as part of the hidden expedition adventure league it is your job to explore the wreckage of the once majestic ship & collect antique artifacts for the titanic museum. collect treasures for the titanic museum. ...  15.5
0|library expansion option-upg library expansion option-upg novastor corporation 0|turtle-beach used wave 2-0 20 software for windows software & plug ins turtle-beach wave 2-0 software for windows turtle-beach wave 20 software for windows  19.95
0|spy sweeper w/antivirus family edition spy sweeper with antivirus family edition defends your pc and your personal information from the threats to privacy you'll encounter online! whenever you download something online you risk infection with spyware. chances are your computer is already infected putting your confidential information and your computer's performance at risk. spy sweeper blocks spyware downloads keeping you one step ahead of the spies and marketers. antivirus prevents malicious coders from ruining your computer by detecting viruses and blocking them before they start. webroot software 49.95|hp t1936aa uao digital sending software 4.0 (10 device license) hp dss 4.0 is the entry-level member of a family of server-based software products that enables paper documents to be incorporated into electronic business processes at the touch of a button. digitized information can be sent securely to network ... hp 369.99
0|norton antivirus 2007 symantec's norton antivirus is the world's most trusted antivirus solution. norton antivirus 2007 offers the same level of protection along with new features and improvements. it removes viruses and security risks automatically; heuristically detects spyware threats detects and blocks internet worm attacks and protects email. symantec 39.99|masque publishing sportsmans double play includes sport fishing professional with 15 different species 7 levels and 5 rods and sport shooting with 7 disciplines 12 different firearms and 3 crossbows. system requirements: windows -95/98/nt/2000/me/xp 64 mb ram 32 mb h  17.55
0|britannica deluxe  avanquest software 29.95|function point analysis: measurement practices for successful software projects much has been written about the benefit of software measurement and the failure of software measurement programs. if as experts say the practice of software measurement is beneficial and relatively easy why aren't more organizations incorporating ...  54.44
0|anime studio 5 win 98/me 2000/xp mac os 10.4 & up anime studio 5 is the ideal solution for first time animators hobbyists and digital enthusiasts. draw original art import your digital pictures dub and add subtitles to your existing videos or choose from many built-in characters to get started! use anime studio's intuitive tools to create and share your own original animations. anime studio simplifies the animation process empowering artists to create their projects faster and easier than ever before. direct your action with an intuitive timeline setting your movements to a timeline makes animation easy to understand add emotion and style to your animations by adding sound -- anime studio supports wav and aiff formats import layered psd files using a photoshop plug-in that converts files to anime studio format (included free with anime studio) publish for multiple media - output your animations to video tv and web formats system requirements - *windows - windows 98 se me 2000 (service pack 2 or higher) xp home/pro/tablet pc edition / 500 mhz processor minimum / 256 mb ram minimum / 50mb free hard disk space /16-bit color display 1024 x 768 resolution /cd-rom drive *macintosh - mac os x v10.3.9+ (universal binary) (mac os x v10.4+ recommended) / powerpc g5/g4 processor 500mhz or above /256mb ram minimum / 50mb free hard disk space / 16-bit color display 1024 x 768 resolution / cd-rom drive aladdin systems 49.99|filemaker pro 8.5 advanced system requirements macintosh macintosh computer with a powerpc g3 g4 g5 processor or intel processor 256mb of ram cd or dvd drive and hard disk drive mac os x 10.3.9 for powerpc-based macs or mac os x 10.4.5 for intel-based macs windows pentium ...  455.99
0|netmanage onweb web-to-host - ( v. 5.1 ) - upgrade license ( 910443-004 )  netmanage 0|punch software 41100 - punch! home design architectural series 18 - complete product - architectural - 1 user(s) - complete product - standard - english - pc punch software 41100 : the big story is flexibility and ease of use. architectural series 18 provides innovative new tools to unleash your design creativity. explore new tools for creating complex objects from simple ones presentation tools for ...  112.97
0|adobe contribute cs3 [mac] adobe contribute cs3 software enables anyone to quickly and easily update existing websites and blogs. with adobe contribute cs3 content authors can post and publish content to multiple websites and blogs from a single application or publish directly from within microsoft office applications. easily update web content for professional web designers web developers and website administrators ensuring that website and blog content remains fresh and current is an enormous challenge. often this means delegating the responsibility for updating web content and blog entries to numerous contributors which can put website integrity at risk especially when disparate tools are used for the different tasks. with adobe contribute cs3 anyone can quickly and easily update multiple websites and blogs using a single application--without compromising site integrity. simply browse to the website that needs updating or the blog that requires a new entry make changes to the content using adobe contribute cs3 and publish when finished. you can also publish content directly from microsoft word excel or outlook. use one tool for publishing to multiple websites and blogs with adobe contribute cs3 anyone can update website content or create blog entries using a single application. true wysiwyg authoring capabilities let users edit any website or blog in three simple steps dramatically reducing editing time. alternatively authors can publish directly from within microsoft office applications in a few clicks. just open the document that contains the content you want to post click publish and select the target website or blog. even rich media images movies and adobe flash (flv) files can be easily included in any website or blog using adobe contribute cs3. in edit mode just drag the file onto the website or blog entry. adobe contribute cs3 automatically uploads and posts it to the site when published. because authors edit content and add images in their actual context on the website or blog before publishing content length and style as well as image sizes are right the first time. with contribute cs3 you can embed pdf documents directly into your web page or blog entry. you can also convert your microsoft office documents to adobe pdf and insert them into a web page.* maintain website integrity seamless integration between adobe contribute cs3 and dreamweaver templates ensures that your website's look and feel is maintained even when multiple authors update content across the site. web designers and developers can create page templates with editable regions during website creation and then delegate routine content updates to business users. because content authors can update only the areas designated by the designer or webmaster the website always appears as the designer intended. and just like dreamweaver adobe contribute cs3 preserves code quality and formats through the editing process. top reasons to buy adobe contribute cs3 unified web publishing publish to multiple websites and blogs from a single application. easy flash (flv) upload include adobe flash (flv) files in websites and blogs by simply dragging and dropping the file onto the web page or into the blog entry during edit. contribute cs3 automatically uploads the file and posts it to the site on publish. compatible with windows vista and intel based macs adobe contribute cs3 works on intel and powerpc based macs and on windows xp and windows vista systems. quick web page and blog posting from microsoft office publish content directly from within microsoft office applications using the template of your choice significantly reducing your editing time. contribute cs3 adds buttons to your office applications that allow you to publish directly to a website or post to a blog without even opening contribute. wsiwyg blog templates enjoy the convenience of authoring blog entries offline in your own template with convenient wysiwyg layout and full-featured text editing. drag and drop rich media elements directly into your blog as you edit it. editing from internet explorer 7 and firefox 2 use contribute browser buttons to edit the page you are browsing or to post its content to a blog. the latest versions of internet explorer and firefox browsers are now supported. convenient pdf support embed pdf documents directly into your web page or blog entry. conveniently convert microsoft office documents to pdf and then insert them into your web page.* standard protocol support post your updates using any standard file transfer web-authoring or blogging protocol including ftp sftp webdav metaweblog and atom. * requires the installation of adobe acrobat software sold separately. acrobat cs3 professional is included with adobe creative suite 3 web premium and master collection. adobe 149|cd372-c= cisco ios ip - complete package - cd cisco systems cd372-c= : usually ships in 24 hours : : cisco ios (internetworking operating system) software is the platform that delivers network services and enables networked applications.  218.41
0|3d home architect landscape design deluxe version 9 3d home architect landscape design deluxe version 9 is the ultimate easy-to-use landscape design solution that incorporates the latest design techniques and technologies to ensure your dream yard becomes a reality. visualize any landscaping project before you get started. use the deck tool to create the perfect deck or patio. control sun angle and shadows for the ultimate in visualization. create your outdoor oasis create a ready-to-build landscape and garden plan that complements your home's terrain. with the landscape design deluxe the process of designing a completely new outdoor oasis or simply adding a deck to your backyard will be an enjoyable experience. a new easy-to-use interface provides you with the tools to plan visualize and execute your design ideas. program features & functions create framed deck plans with the deck tool. use terrain modeling tools to create natural slopes and grades view your plans onscreen in lifelike detail with 3dtrueview boost your gardening expertise on growth zones sun exposure and more with the plant encyclopedia this dvd based solution is powered by punch! software and is compatible with both windows and macintosh operating systems. 3d home architect landscape designer version 9 is packed with powerful design capabilities to bring your landscaping goals within reach. let this powerful tool help you create the perfect landscape! your landscape designs will be true to form with topographical options such as: fencing ground fill edging retaining walls pathways gates plant library use the plant library to explore over 2 300 different kinds of plant options. custom outdoor features design your outdoor space with every luxury in mind. pond pool spa waterfall outdoor grill greenhouse fire pit patio furniture decks & patios use the deck tool to create a deck or patio perfect for your home and outdoor life style. plant growth projection tool experiment and preview different plant options until you achieve your ideal combination. view the growth pattern of your landscape over a period of time. encore 29.99|microsoft 394-00416 opens exch svr exconn l/sa qual opens exch svr exconn l/sa qual  22575.14
0|peachtree by sage pro accounting 2007 looking to complement your business operations with a robust accounting solution? packed with all of the essentials including invoicing and bill paying as well as some of the most advanced accounting features you'll find anywhere peachtree pro accounting 2007 is designed to help you make better decisions for your business. navigation centers provide an easy way to learn your way around peachtree. view larger. use the sales/invoicing window to enter invoices for customers. view larger. save time by running key reports from your most commonly used screens. view larger. the receipts screen allows you to enter all checks cash and credit card slips you receive and deposit them in your checking account. view larger. easily copy the data from a report or financial statement into excel. the formulas in the report you transfer will be maintained in excel. view larger. easy startup easy to learn just minutes after installing the software helpful features like an improved setup guide and preparation checklist navigation centers wizards and a guided tour will make it easy for you to start tracking your finances. the software's navigation centers offer a quick and intuitive way to navigate and gain access to your company's information. from one screen you can conveniently view and drill into lists reports setup screens graphs and more. the software's guided tour and new company setup wizard will take all the mystery out of getting started. best of all if you're moving into peachtree from quickbooks a easy-to-use conversion utility will convert your quickbooks data (versions 4.0 to 2006 basic through enterprise). control choice and flexibility with the software's internal accounting review you can run up to 15 checks at any time on your peachtree data and search for common accounting mistakes such as duplicate transactions and cash receipts that do not debit the correct general ledger cash account. by taking advantage of the online bank reconciliation feature you'll reduce the time it takes to reconcile your bank accounts. simply download your bank statement into peachtree and items that have cleared your bank are matched up with existing entries in peachtree for faster reconciliation. transactions that are missing from peachtree can easily be created from information supplied by your bank. because the software's quick entry account register looks just like your check book register you'll feel right at home but unlike a checkbook the quick entry register allows you to drill down into each transaction for more detail. you will know instantly the payment status of each purchases or invoice so you can easily stay on top of who owes you and who you owe. these features combine to let you track each invoice until it's paid. half the battle to running your own business is being able to keep track of the bills you need to pay. peachtree pro accounting lets you write your checks and pay your bills as if you were working in your own checkbook. and with the software's enhanced reporting features you can even filter out the bills that need to be paid according to date amount due discounts and more. this helps you prioritize exactly how you spend your money. powerful inventory features with advanced features that let you keep track of your inventory peachtree pro accounting keeps you on top of your company's assets at all times. peachtree will not only automatically update your inventory after you invoice your customers or purchase new stock from vendors it will also let you track extensive detail on each of your inventory items such as price levels tax types weight cost method item type and more. robust reporting tools with peachtree pro accounting you can easily compare your actual financials against a budget with a new easier way to create budgets. your new peachtree budgets look and act like a spreadsheet so you save time and avoid mistakes by not having to re-key budget data into other applications. peachtree pro accounting provides all the reporting and analysis tools you need to know at all times where your business stands. you can choose from over 100 reports -- and customize them to look the way you want them -- to better track forecast and budget your finances and get the information vital to your business's success and growth. peachtree's financial manager function can help you to get an instant snapshot view of your business's overall financial performance. you can review such popular ratios as cost of sales profit margins and more as well as up-to-the-minute balances on cash accounts receivable and other vital information. and you can quickly and easily perform what if analyses to understand the impact of changing business conditions with the peachtree cash manager. time-saving at-a-glance features by giving you all the tools you need to gather your company's information into one place you'll manage your business better than ever. you'll be able to find view drill down print and e-mail the precise information you need. you can even quickly create mass mailings or e-mail blitzes and other notifications such as customer newsletters thank you notes and more from the contact information and transaction information that's contained in your peachtree database. in short there's no limit to the ways that peachtree pro accounting will help you keep track of every aspect of your business thereby improving your cash flow and bottom line. sage software 169.99|dreamcatcher interactive sentinel: descendants in time the tastan civilization succumbed to extinction many years ago; their only legacy being the mysterious tastan caverns. some believe the caverns hold an invaluable treasure while others say great wealth is attained through the knowledge and ...  17.55
0|spy sweeper w/antivirus family edition spy sweeper with antivirus family edition defends your pc and your personal information from the threats to privacy you'll encounter online! whenever you download something online you risk infection with spyware. chances are your computer is already infected putting your confidential information and your computer's performance at risk. spy sweeper blocks spyware downloads keeping you one step ahead of the spies and marketers. antivirus prevents malicious coders from ruining your computer by detecting viruses and blocking them before they start. webroot software 49.95|trudys time & place house in five fascinating activities students build early science skills and practice important scientific processes.  9.9
0|instant immersion translator deluxe 2.0 instant immersion translator deluxe 2.0 makes sure that your messages never lose something in the translation. this user-friendly suite of sophisticated language conversion tools are customized to meet all your translation needs. whether you need to convert e-mails text files or entire web pages you have a detailed two-way translation between english and 16 other languages. topics entertainment 49.99|filemaker mobile 8 what's included with filemaker mobile 8 installer: filemaker mobile 8 (mac or windows) on cd-rom pdf documentation on cd-rom documentation: filemaker mobile 8 user's guide languages: english french italian german spanish and japanese system ...  65.99
0|atari arcade classics (mac) atari arcade classics offers faithful reproductions down to the last detail -- all the sounds action and gameplay that made these games classic! experience the classic old-school games that started a new form of entertainment. macsoft 19.99|netopia sw2510p timbuktu pro remote control software 10 lic for win netopia 586.77
0|mah jong quest mah jong quest is more than an addictive puzzle game - it's an original cinematic experience. after three dragons wreak havoc over the empire young kwazi must use an ancient set of mah jong tiles to restore balance. united developers 0|punch software 24100 - punch! 5 in 1 home design - complete product - architectural - 1 user - complete productcomplete productstandard - pc punch software 24100 : power tools for serious home design plus ultimate deck for the perfect outdoor addition to your living space. p /p 5 powerful programs in one that launch from the same easy-to-use interface including our unique realmodel ...  35.97
0|instant immersion american sign language win/mac instant immersion asl teaches beginners american sign language -- quickly and easily! topics entertainment 9.99|mas 90(r) /mas 200(r) compatible continuous checks compatible with mas 90(r) and mas 200(r) software.check size: 9 1/2 x 7in..  121.89
0|backpack journalist backpack journalist is the portable solution for video editing and broadcasting. users can easily capture and edit audio/video and transmit on internet continuous recording and pre-roll playback option - you can re-record a portion of the audio track. timer - use the timer to help you prepare before making additional recordings. the timer provides a pre-start count-down. audio information display - while recording the audio information is displayed as a waveform in real-time. this window provides ruler position bar and scroll bar making it easier to record additional audio. 3 timeline tracks - one video track and two audio tracks (voice effect). clip source management automatic clip insertion addition of still images to the beginning or the end of a clip -capture a screen shot from a clip or camcorder and insert the image to the beginning or the end of the clip. customize the timeline for production of news clips with time length restriction easy transmission - after editing is done you can render and transmit all at once. transmission configuration - configure the ftp server setting (server ip user id and password) and update server content with ease. auto error correction - if a connection is lost or error occurs the program will reconnect and/or resend the data automatically. system requirements - win xp/vista - pentium iv 2.4 ghz or higher 512 mb ram honest technology 79.99|final-draft scriptwriter's suite 2.5 screenwriting software - mac/win screen writing software scriptwriter's suite 2.5 screenwriting software - final draft 7 and final draft av 2.5 for mac and windows the scriptwriter's suite 2.5 screenwriting software from final draft combines the popular final draft 7 and final draft av 2.5 screenwriting ...  279.95
0|diskeeper 2007 pro premier 10-lic pack - marketing information: diskeeper pro premier provides unparalleled peak performance for power users and high powered workstation computing delivering the ultimate in high performance to those who need it most. product information - software sub type: disk management - software name: diskeeper 2007 pro premier edition - complete product - platform support: pc license information - license type: complete product - license pricing: standard - license quantity: 10 workstation miscellaneous - compatibility: file system support: - ntfs (new technology file system) - fat16 (file allocation table) and fat32 file system formats disk subsystems supported: - primary partitions - extended partitions - logical drives - volume sets - raid arrays (hardware and software) - mirrored disks - mounted volumes (letter-less drives) diskeeper corporation 1372.21|emc auth mgr mnt base 24x7 10m per/u 7505-10000u - aut0010000be10   15
0|pokemon team turbo (jewel case) in pokemon team turbo you'll challenge your pokmon knowledge in 5 exciting games to earn racing power-ups. then use these turbo boosts at just the right time on 6 tough race courses to cross the finish line first. valusoft 9.99|muriel anderson homespun video muriel anderson's all star guitar night here's a video that no fingerstyle guitar enthusiast will want to miss ? a ?who's who? of the acoustic guitar world recorded at an intimate concert in nashville's caffe milano. spectacular performances by these top musicians will leave  18.5
0|mavis beacon typing 17 deluxe by broderbund mavis beacon typing 17 deluxe by broderbund encore software 39.99|boohbah zone by brighter minds minimum requirements: macintosh minimums os 9.x - 300mhz g3 os x native - 400mhz g4 128mb ram 32mb free ram (os 9 only) 50mb free hard drive space 4x cd-rom drive 16-bit color video card 800 x 600 resolution mouse or other pointing device  19.99
0|apple garageband jam pack: symphony orchestra garageband jam pack: symphony orchestra lets you add the emotional stirrings of orchestral music to your own productions. build orchestral themes using over 2000 prerecorded loops in different styles and tempos including symphonic chamber and solo performances. you can also use loops individually to enhance songs in any style or genre. enhance your song using a wide selection of pitched and unpitched percussion instruments including timpani bells gongs celesta xylophone marimba and more apple 99|migo software digital vault 2005 digital vault 2005 will encrypt your files and folders using 256 bit encryption. digital vault 2005 makes it virtually impossible for hackers internet thieves and associates from getting to your personal information. you can encrypt files and ...  24.58
0|microspot interiors (mac) microspot interiors (mac os x 10.2 or higher) microspot ltd. 99.95|apple remote desktop 3 desktop management software - 10-client edition apple & mac software remote desktop 3 - complete desktop management software - 10-client edition - mac the remote desktop 3 desktop management software from apple is a desktop management solution for apple computers running mac os x. it allows you to connect to a system ...  279.95
0|gods: lands of infinity - special edition the ancient world of bellarion struggled in the never ending war of gods. the conflict began when xarax ruler of the gods was murdered. each of the remaining gods claimed the right to the divine throne. after many battles the defeated gods refused to submit to the victors and instead summoned their armies to attack the worshippers of other gods. the deaths of those worshippers weakened the power of the conquering gods. after 2000 years of battles bellarion lay in ruins. no one was able to achieve victory until the god of darkness mortagon found a new weapon which resisted all magic and divine powers. as the last hope arswaargh the god of fire created vivien who he fashioned after his own astral body. arswaargh sent vivien through space and time to seek the counter-weapon needed to defy mortagorn but unfortunately she lost her divine essence while traveling through the magical portal to another world. vivien must now seek the gods of the new world gain back her power and search for the counter-weapon against mortagorn. gods: lands of infinity special edition is a blend of adventure and action in a turn-based setting. there is an array of missions and npc (non player characters) that players can add to their team. players must fight gain experience level and acquire new skills. the game is played out in the first-person perspective until gamers enter a battle encounter at which point the game goes into third-person turn-based battle. gods: lands of infinity special edition invites you into an exciting world full of adventures battles and quests of unearthly affairs. spend hours discovering the world of antasion trading and completing the lead quests of each race or kingdom and many side quests. highly advanced shader system providing realistic effects of natural ice water grass and other nature elements. animated environment with high-resolution photo-realistic textures over two hundred strategy first 29.99|msd-w30-de-r manga studio debut - ( v. 3.0 ) - complete package - 1 user - cd - win e frontier msd-w30-de-r : usually ships in 24 hours : in stock : the best way to create manga and comics from start to finish! imagine draw and publish manga and comic art with this affordable and powerful tool.  41.74
0|best of slots 2 (jewel case) best of slots ii lets you play the most popular slots from the casino. it features the hottest games from bally gaming. actual casino slot action can be found in these authentic replications all playable on your home computer! masque publishing 9.99|5325302018 snap enterprise data replicator - license - 1 server - linux unix win adaptec 5325302018 : usually ships in 24 hours : : snap edr is a high-performance network-optimized software solution for distributing protecting and reporting on business-critical information throughout distributed enterprises.  663.22
0|sales skills 2.0 ages 10+ real video saltware aquarium on your desktop!product informationsee real fish swimming on your desktop in full-motion video! you'll find exotic saltwater fish such as sharks angelfish and more! enjoy the beauty and serenity of a real aquarium at yourdeskt victory multimedia 19.95|macbackup macbackup makes computer backup quick and easy! backup wizards are categorized to instantly backup everything on your computer or only your photos music and movies. easily store backups to virtually any kind of media: cd dvd zip disks network ...  29.99
0|virtual labs: light easy-to-use experiments and highly accurate simulations with over 40 reproducible lab worksheets to help build an understanding of reflection and mirrors refraction and lenses and colors. edmark 19.95|sara davis buechner george gershwin - warsaw concerto/ second rhapsody includes ?warsaw concerto? composed by richard addinsell ?laura? and ?love is for the very young? by david raksin and george gershwin's ?second rhapsody.?  25.77
0|quicken 2007 home & business quicken home & business 2007 delivers more than 100 feature improvements. manage and monitor your personal and business finances and see your complete investment picture -- stocks bonds mutual funds iras 401(k) -- all in one place. download your credit card banking and brokerage transactions. quicken personal finance software works with over 3 500 financial institutions. plus run business reports manage payables and receivables and customize estimates and invoices with your own logo and graphics! simplify your taxes: schedule a b c and d tax reports help you find personal and business deductions and save time on tax preparation. manage your investment holdings without having to enter every historical transaction stay on top of your portfolio - get up-to-the-minute information from your brokerage 401(k) provider and more monitor your net worth over time. view your net worth breakdown by cash property or stocks plan for college tuition buying a new home retirement and more intuit 89.95|tournament poker - no limit texas holdem whether you are already a seasoned tournament player or just a beginner tournament poker - no limit texas holdem is for you! practice playing against advanced computer opponents in pre-defined and world championship tournaments or create your own. ...  19.99
0|instant immersion french deluxe 2.0 topics entertainment instant immersion french deluxe 2.0 you set the pace for learning with this series of personalized beginner intermediate and advanced programs. with entertaining instruction on 20 key lessons including vocabulary grammar and phonetics you will quickly start speaking reading and writing french windows pc only topics entertainment 49.99|edelbrock 91140 thermocouple compression fitting for qwikdata edelbrock 91140 thermocouple compression fitting for qwikdata edelbrock 91140 egt probe compression fitting replacement steel fitting to be used when removing and egt probe or replacing an exhaust header. includes: ferrule and 1/8in npt compression ...  28.39
0|extensis intellihance pro 4.x win/mac extensis intellihance pro 4 quickly and dynamically enhances images to make themlook their best. compare and print up to 25 professional enhancement variations at once. photoshop users have long preferred intellihance pro for color correcting and enhancing images. intellihance pro automatically analyzes and corrects images from any source including digital cameras flatbed and drum scanners or original digital artwork. mac os x and photoshop cs compatible intellihance pro 4.1 adds full support and compatibility for photoshop cs (v. 8.0) and mac os x panther (v. 10.3.1). fix images intelligently intellihance pro's award-winning technology analyzes and corrects each image individually for contrast and brightness saturation sharpness dust and scratches color cast and more. fix multiple images automatically intellihance pro is as easy as a simple click. use the quick enhance preset to analyze and fix an image with one click. its batch processing capabilities fix a whole folder of images just as easily. visually adjust your images the power variations mode lets you interactively and visually adjust your images. quickly change the incremental variance for adjusting your image. fine tune images for precise adjustment the fine tune mode lets you manually adjust your settings. compare settings onscreen preview a single image split or repeated across 5 rows and columns extensis corporation 199.99|avid xpress pro video editing software for mac and windows professional editing software xpress pro professional video editing software - mac/win avid xpress pro real-world real-time dv sd and film editing software combines professional video audio film effects dvd authoring and encoding tools-plus custom music creation tools-for both ...  1449
0|before you know it - deluxe spanish edition for pc/mac before you know it spanish deluxe is the fastest and most effective way to learn spanish words and phrases. whether you're a beginner or a skilled speaker who needs to brush up you've got a full suite of tools for mastering a new language. in a few lessons you'll learn to understand and speak 1 000 common spanish words and 250 essential phrases. encore software 29.99|panda software bus sec 2006 w/ truprevent 251-500 3yr - b3pbsa6e-edu   38
0|hallmark blank greeting cards half-fold matte premium 20 count 20 sheet count / 5 1/2 x 8 1/2 nova development 12.99|encore software 11250 - brain food games: cranium collection 2006 - win 98 me 2000 xp encore software 11250 : brain food games cranium collection is back and better than ever! new content new games to train your brain for maximum efficiency! system requirements: windows 2000 sp4/xp (home& pro) sp2 pentium iii 450 mhz processor or ...  18.97
0|tlc zoombinis 3rd grade lrng sys 2007 sb cs by riverdeep ( 10548 ) tlc zoombinis 3rd grade lrng sys 2007 sb cs by riverdeep encore software inc 0|net jet game system for pc unlock your own online arcade with this easy-to-use controller! plug the net jet controller into the usb port of your pc (not included). insert the demo key (included) into your controller and youll be connected to all kinds of online games! unlock ...  24.99
0|microsoft productivity pack for windows mobile microsoft entertainment pack 2004 win ce productivity pack microsoft 29.99|peachtree(r) compatible laser checks-accounting for windows versions 3.5-7.0 compatible with peachtree(r) accounting for windows versions 3.5-7.0 software.laser check form size: 8 1/2in. x 11in. 1 check per sheet.  106.29
0|money home & business 2007 win32 eng na mini box us only cd model- ms-cd19383wi vendor- microsoft corporation features- microsoft money home and business 2007- cd mini box microsoft money 2007 home and business makes managing business and personal finances fast easy and automatic with precise tools that guide you through business taxes inventory tracking and online payroll alongside your personal credit debt investment and taxes so you can spend less time on finances and more time with customers. * includes everything in money 2007 deluxe and money 2007 premium - make online banking even easier with all of your accounts--checking savings investments and credit -- in one place with one password which makes keeping tabs on the day-to-day spending a breeze. plus money connects to thousands of banks and updates automatically helping you easily stay on top of your finances. - improve your investment strategy with access to tips guidance and relevant articles from the highly regarded experts on msn money. - new! savings and spending budget helps you plan for retirement savings and debt repayment as well as your monthly expenses. its the comprehensive budget solution that helps you see your savings grow and your debt shrink. - new! spending tracker allows you to track your spending by budget groups. view alongside the popular spending by category tracker for amazing awareness of your spending. - help protect and improve your credit reduce high-interest debt and learn more about your credit rating. - forecast your cash flow to predict how much money youll have in your day-to-day accounts in the coming months. - simplify tax time. money makes preparing and filing taxes easy with expert tips from t microsoft 139.43|xbox 360: marvel ultimate alliance gold this game lets players control the biggest most powerful super hero alliance the world has ever known. choose from heroes like spider-man wolverine the incredible hulk and captain america to form and customize a four member strike force. then ...  59.99
0|reader rabbit learning system 1st grade more than 100 activities using math spellingscience and more!product informationadvance your child's essential skills for learning success with reader rabbit1st grade learning system!&nbsp; your child will gain learning independenceconfidence creativity a encore software 29.99|corel corporation ptr9engpcma ae painter ix win/mac corel painter 9 ( now in dvd case) unleashes your creative power increases your productivity and enhances your compatiblity with adobe photoshop.blend paint colors using the mixer design custom brushes with the brush creator and work more ...  89.99
0|notetaker 1.5 notetaker for os x v1.5 - aquaminds software (mac 10.0 or higher) aquaminds 69.99|ahead software 70009 - nero nero v.7.0 ultra edition -enhanced - complete product - media management/conversion - 1 user - complete product - standard - pc ahead software 70009 : nero 7 ultra edition enhanced now offers both the pc and tv media management experience for a complete solution. with over 18 new and updated applications in one powerful piece of software nero 7 ultra edition is truly the ...  83.97
0|upgrade emc retrospect 7.5 multi server windows only upg emc retrospect 7.5 multi cromserver windows only dantz 0|peter erskine trio hudson music peter erskine trio - live at jazz baltica peter erskine is recognized throughout the world as one of the most creative and expressive drummers playing in any style of music. live at jazzbaltica features the peter erskine trio with pianist john taylor and bassist palle danielsson. recorded  14.86
0|adobe creative suite cs3 design premium upsell [mac] note: this is the upsell version of adobe creative suite 3 design premium. adobe creative suite 3 design premium upsell software is the designer's dream toolkit for print web and mobile publishing. it combines all-new versions of essential tools for professional page layout image editing illustration and adobe pdf workflows with new tools for producing engaging websites interactive experiences and mobile content--all in a unified intuitive design environment. from exploring design concepts to finessing production details you can leverage the tightly integrated tools in creative suite 3 design premium to make even your most visionary ideas real--in print on the web and on mobile devices. deliver innovative ideas in print web and mobile design adobe creative suite 3 design premium software is the designer's dream toolkit for print web and mobile publishing. it combines all-new versions of essential tools for producing everything from professional page layouts to rich interactive experiences in a unified intuitive environment. design with essential tools let your ideas take flight with adobe creative suite 3 design premium which equips you to craft your best creative work more easily and efficiently than ever before. from thinking through concepts to finessing production details you can leverage the intuitive tools in creative suite 3 design premium to make even your most visionary ideas real. creative suite 3 design premium lets you stay true to your creative intent without making compromises along the way. keep your ideas flowing adobe creative suite 3 design premium lets you slip into the creative zone and stay there by offering tight integration and shared features that enable you to move fluidly between tasks. easily move assets between components to avoid awkward workarounds. import adobe photoshop extended and illustrator artwork into adobe flash for example or paste photoshop images into adobe dreamweaver. visually manage assets in adobe bridge coordinate with team members using adobe version cue and host real-time web-based meetings with adobe acrobat connect--all from within creative suite 3 design premium. design for today...and tomorrow prepare content for a wide range of media from print pieces to interactive websites to mobile devices using integrated tools to produce industry-standard output. depend on reliable adobe pdf workflows for print production move from print design to web design by exporting xhtml from adobe indesign to dreamweaver and enable efficient developer workflows as you create cutting-edge interactive experiences. from pages to pixels design premium lets you design for tomorrow as well as today. photoshop cs3 extended for specialized image editing illustrator cs3 for vector graphics creation adobe indesign cs3 for page layout flash cs3 professional for interactive design dreamweaver cs3 for web design and development acrobat 8 professional for adobe pdf workflows audience benefit design professionals express your ideas in virtually any medium from paper to pixels using intuitive tools that help you stay true to your creative intent. adobe creative suite 3 design premium software is the designer's dream toolkit for print web and mobile publishing combining all-new versions of essential tools for professional page layout image editing illustration and adobe pdf workflows with new tools for designing engaging websites interactive experiences and mobile content in a unified design environment. design premium also offers visual asset management effective file management for collaborative creative teams mobile content previewing and access to services such as adobe stock photos* for royalty-free imagery and adobe acrobat connect* for web conferencing. with creative suite 3 design premium you can create beautiful engaging content collaborate effectively and equip yourself for new business opportunities with tools that let you design for tomorrow as well as today. print professionals adobe creative suite 3 design premium software offers print professionals industry-standard tools for design and production. creative suite 3 design premium combines full new versions of adobe's leading design and production tools-- adobe indesign cs3 photoshop cs3 extended illustrator cs3 flash cs3 professional dreamweaver cs3 and acrobat 8 professional--in a tightly integrated environment that offers productivity features for visual asset management effective file management mobile content previewing and direct access to online services. enjoy consistent print controls shared color settings and shared pdf export presets across design premium components and generate reliable output using support for high-end adobe pdf workflows including pdf/x. preflight |pdf files using acrobat which now offers automated file correction and automate workflows using jdf. even improve communication with customers using real-time web-based meetings with adobe acrobat connect.* creative suite 3 design premium gives you the most trusted tools for the job helping you realize smooth production processes--and diversify your services. it professionals adobe creative suite 3 design premium software enables creative teams to realize their ideas more quickly and efficiently than ever before. built on industry standards to provide long-term compatibility creative suite 3 design premium can be deployed across networks is extensible and scriptable and can be tailored to meet a variety of specialized design and publishing needs. design premium combines full new versions of adobe's essential design tools--adobe indesign cs3 photoshop cs3 extended illustrator cs3 flash cs3 professional dreamweaver cs3 and acrobat 8 professional--with adobe bridge cs3 adobe version cue cs3 adobe device central cs3 adobe stock photos* and adobe acrobat connect* for improved collaboration and productivity in creative workgroups. offering a single installer and serial number for easy installation and backed by the quality and reliability adobe is known for creative suite 3 design premium meets the needs of your creative team. visually manage assets in adobe bridge test mobile designs in adobe device central coordinate with team members using adobe version cue host real-time web-based meetings with adobe acrobat connect top new benefits of adobe creative suite 3 design premium all-new versions of essential creative tools experience the ultimate creative toolset with adobe indesign cs3 for page layout photoshop cs3 extended for specialized image editing illustrator cs3 for vector graphics creation flash cs3 professional for interactive design dreamweaver cs3 for web design and development and acrobat 8 professional for adobe pdf workflows. unprecedented integration use native files more easily than ever in different design workflows: import photoshop and illustrator files into flash and copy photoshop files into dreamweaver. and enjoy a unified integrated design experience with new self-adjusting panels and other shared interface elements. powerful design workflows bring your most visionary ideas to life in print on the web and on mobile devices. automatically find and fix errors before printing high-quality pages using indesign and acrobat. export indesign layouts as xhtml to use in web designs in dreamweaver. easily create graphics in flash using the adobe-standard pen tool. and test mobile designs in adobe device central. support for the latest mac and windows systems get the most out of creative suite 3 design premium on intel based mac systems and microsoft windows vista computers. work smoothly on legacy powerpc based mac and windows xp systems as well. new dimensions in digital imaging with adobe photoshop cs3 extended select image regions more intuitively apply filters nondestructively manipulate 3d images and create accurate composites of images with similar content using photoshop cs3 extended. inspired vector graphics creation in adobe illustrator cs3 explore apply and control color variations using live color in illustrator cs3. select and align points and edit paths more easily than ever before and easily incorporate vector graphics into print web and interactive and mobile designs. efficient powerful page design with adobe indesign cs3 explore more creative possibilities and experience new levels of productivity using indesign cs3 which offers powerful features for creating graphically rich complex documents; professional typographic controls; and robust reliable printing. visual media management in adobe bridge cs3 easily organize browse locate and preview assets with adobe bridge cs3 which offers faster performance; customizable workspaces; nondestructive batch-editing of tiff jpeg and camera raw files; playback of flash files; and direct access to useful services such as adobe stock photos.* stronger designer-developer workflows import layered photoshop and illustrator files into flash animate them and export them automatically in the actionscript 3.0 language to hand off to developers. use new css layouts in dreamweaver to jump-start standards-based web pages and collaborate with developers to produce interactive web experiences using the spry framework for ajax. integrated support for mobile design produce compelling mobile graphics in illustrator and photoshop extended add interactivity in flash and code pages for mobile display in dreamweaver. then preview and test your designs using mobile device profiles in adobe device central cs3. additional features industry-leading image editing and illustration experience unrivaled image editing and compositing and even perform advanced image analysis using photoshop cs3 extended. produce inspired vector graphics with illustrator cs3 which lets you interactively explore apply and control color. and work seamlessly between the two components with native file format support. designer-developer workflows import layered photoshop and illustrator files into flash animate them and export them automatically in the actionscript 3.0 language to hand off to developers. use new css layouts in dreamweaver to jump-start standards-based web pages and collaborate with developers to produce interactive web experiences using the spry framework for ajax. adobe pdf print workflows use widely available adobe pdf to create reliable and consistent final output streamline print production--including automatically fixing mistakes before they get to press--and automate workflows using jdf. support for pdf/x standard create reliable press-ready layouts using iso- and ansi-standard pdf/x including pdf/x-1a pdf/x-3 pdf/x-4 (draft) and pdf/a. powerful jdf workflows automatically convert indesign files to adobe pdf and preflight and validate them against the targeted output intent (including number of pages page size and more) using enhanced jdf workflows. shared pdf presets use built-in adobe pdf export presets--or create custom presets--in photoshop illustrator and indesign to generate consistent adobe pdf files for electronic review or final output. streamlined print production preflight adobe pdf files in acrobat 8 professional and fix problems before they get to press. automatically correct hairlines downsample image resolution flatten transparency and more. automation through scriptingspeed routine tasks and automate processes within and across components of the software by writing scripts in javascript applescript microsoft visual basic and the extendscript toolkit. efficient and easy-to-manage deploymenteasily deploy design premium using a single installer and serial number and track manage and accurately allocate adobe software assets using adobe license manager. * online services including but not limited to adobe stock photos and acrobat connect may not be available in all countries languages and currencies. availability of services is subject to change. use of online services is governed by terms and conditions of a separate agreement and may be subject to additional fees. for details visit www.adobe.com. adobe creative suite 3: what's in each edition? adobe creative suite 3 editions design premium design standard web premium web standard production premium master collection adobe photoshop cs3 extended adobe photoshop cs3 adobe illustrator cs3 adobe indesign cs3 adobe acrobat 8 professional adobe flash cs3 professional adobe dreamweaver cs3 adobe contribute cs3 adobe fireworks cs3 adobe after effects cs3 professional adobe premiere pro cs3 adobe soundbooth cs3 adobe encore cs3 adobe onlocation * adobe ultra cs3 * additional features and services in adobe creative suite 3 adobe bridge cs3 adobe version cue cs3 adobe device central cs3 adobe dynamic link adobe stock photos adobe acrobat connect * adobe ultra runs on microsoft windows only. for macintosh users adobe onlocation requires bootcamp and windows (purchased separately) or a separate windows-based computer. adobe 1599|kutoka interactive 61208 - mias math adventure (just in time) (win 95 98 me 2000 xp/mac 8.6-9.x (classic) x v10.1 or higher) kutoka interactive 61208 : mia s math adventure proposes a captivating story including numerous educational activities all of which focus on developing math skills such as fractions geometry logic mental computation... key features four levels ...  18.97
0|adobe creative suite cs3 master collection [mac] follow your ideas anywhere with adobe creative suite 3 master collection software a comprehensive creative environment featuring highly integrated exceptionally productive tools. master collection is a value-packed offering that helps you meet deadlines while you express your creative vision in print web interactive film video and mobile design. photoshop cs3 extended for new dimensions in digital imaging illustrator cs3 for powerful vector graphics creation indesign cs3 for professional page design flash cs3 professional for creating rich interactive content dreamweaver cs3 for developing standards-based websites and applications acrobat 8 professional for adobe pdf creation and collaboration fireworks cs3 for web prototyping and designing adobe premiere pro cs3 for capturing editing and delivering video adobe encore cs3 for preparing dvd titles adobe after effects cs3 professional for industry-standard motion graphics and visual effects design across media blur boundaries and break rules in pursuit of your vision--master collection equips you to take your designs anywhere you want to go. adobe creative suite 3 master collection software is a comprehensive creative environment that features highly integrated all-new versions of professional design web video and mobile tools from adobe. it combines the best of creative suite 3 design premium web premium and production premium editions with productivity features that let you produce content for virtually all media--print web interactive film video and mobile--in one value-packed offering. audience benefit design professionals--expand your creative horizons and express your ideas in virtually any medium using adobe creative suite 3 master collection software. creative suite 3 master collection lets you design across media by combining all-new versions of essential tools for professional print web interactive motion film video and mobile design--plus adobe pdf workflows--with features for exceptional productivity. visually manage your creative assets coordinate projects efficiently preview mobile content preview video compositions without rendering and collaborate effectively with colleagues using master collection. blur boundaries and break the rules as you explore and express your ideas with the highly integrated productive tools in creative suite 3 master collection. web design professionals--take your content beyond the web and express your ideas in virtually any medium using adobe creative suite 3 master collection software. creative suite 3 master collection lets you design across media by combining all-new versions of essential tools for professional web interactive motion film video and mobile design--and even print design and adobe pdf workflows--with features for exceptional productivity. include video in your websites; design print deliverables; enjoy efficient workflows; and keep up with current technology industry standards and best practices. blur boundaries and break the rules as you explore and express your ideas with the highly integrated productive tools in creative suite 3 master collection. film and video professionals--tell compelling stories in virtually any medium using adobe creative suite 3 master collection software. creative suite 3 master collection lets you design across media by combining all-new versions of essential tools for professional film video motion interactive web and mobile design--even print design and adobe pdf workflows--with features for exceptional productivity. promote your work in print and on the web convey emotionally compelling content and increase production values on ever-shrinking budgets. blur boundaries and break the rules as you explore and express your ideas with the highly integrated productive tools in creative suite 3 master collection. visually manage assets in adobe bridge test mobile designs in adobe device central coordinate with team members using adobe version cue host real-time web-based meetings with adobe acrobat connect top reasons to buy adobe creative suite 3 master collection all the latest greatest creative tools discover new levels of creative opportunity and efficiency with all-new versions of professional adobe tools for print web interactive film video and mobile design. this comprehensive creative environment combines the latest versions of: adobe indesign cs3 for professional page design adobe photoshop cs3 extended for new dimensions in digital imaging adobe illustrator cs3 for powerful vector graphics creation adobe acrobat 8 professional for adobe pdf creation and collaboration adobe flash cs3 professional for creating rich interactive content adobe dreamweaver cs3 for developing standards-based websites and applications adobe fireworks cs3 for web prototyping and designing adobe contribute cs3 for updating websites and blogs adobe after effects cs3 professional for industry-standard motion graphics and visual effects adobe premiere pro cs3 for capturing editing and delivering video adobe encore cs3 for preparing dvd titles adobe soundbooth cs3 for creating and editing audio quickly and intuitively an amazing value expand your technical skills without breaking your budget. creative suite 3 master collection combines the best of the design premium web premium and production premium editions into one value-packed offering. highly efficient integration work more productively than ever thanks to the exceptional integration of the tools in master collection. come up to speed quickly with the help of the consistent interface across many of the creative tools--including the new standard adobe interface in flash--and easily exchange native file formats to streamline content creation across design disciplines. import layered photoshop files into illustrator indesign fireworks flash after effects adobe premiere pro and encore or copy and paste from photoshop to dreamweaver. export indesign files as xhtml to jump-start web designs in dreamweaver. paint video layers in photoshop cs3 extended and then export to a variety of video formats including flash video (flv) to incorporate into a website or an after effects or adobe premiere pro project. and much more. easy collaboration between designers and developers produce rich engaging content that can be freely deployed on the web and on a wide variety of mobile and other devices. quickly copy motion to actionscript 3.0 language to hand off to a flash developer or use scripts to automate tasks across components of the software. master collection offers robust features for producing and deploying cutting-edge content as well as for improving efficiencies between designers and developers. complete creative freedom whether you need to produce printed brochures compelling websites rich interactive experiences engaging mobile content or stories told through motion and sound find the perfect mode of expression for your ideas with master collection. you'll also find learning resources css-based web-page starting points animation presets and other support for quickly getting high-quality results in design disciplines you're just starting to explore. tools to grow your business venture into new creative territory with master collection which offers everything you need to excel in your core discipline as well as to meet changing customer requirements and to expand your creative business in new directions. streamlined cross-media publishing easily publish content to multiple media. preview photoshop or illustrator artwork for mobile devices using device central cs3. prepare audio in soundbooth and then layer it over video in adobe premiere pro--and export the result as flv for use on a website. repurpose indesign layouts using xml and export indesign layouts as xhtml that you can open in dreamweaver. master collection makes it easy to leverage your content for multiple and various final media. standards-based professional output from high-quality print to high-definition video master collection meets your most rigorous output criteria. it offers the professional output options you need for every design discipline from print to web to video. adobe's ongoing focus on open standards ensures that your work can easily go wherever you want. support for the latest mac and windows systems experience the ultimate in performance by running master collection natively on intel based macs and on windows vista pcs. work smoothly on legacy powerpc based macs and windows xp systems as well. efficient installation and management simplify installation and software management using a single installer and serial number. install all components at once or install only those you most need now and additional components later (one user per license). improve efficiency and incorporate a tapeless workflow during shoots by using adobe onlocation cs3 to monitor your camera's video signal and record it directly to a computer hard drive. adobe soundbooth cs3 for creating and editing audio quickly and intuitively additional features tools to take you beyond print move beyond print design and begin to incorporate web interactive mobile and even motion and video design and production into your repertoire. adobe creative suite 3 master collection offers the essential tools you need for professional design and print production as well as tools to expand into new disciplines--including learning resources and other support for quickly getting up to speed in the areas you're starting to explore. easily reusable content incorporate layered photoshop or illustrator files with equal ease into an indesign layout an animation created in flash an after effects motion graphic or an adobe premiere pro video. even copy and paste photoshop files directly into dreamweaver web pages. and export indesign layouts as xml or xhtml for reuse on the web or other print deliverables or embed sound and animation in indesign layouts and export them as interactive adobe pdf files. a complete cost-effective toolset expand your technical skills without breaking your budget. master collection combines everything you need for your core discipline as well as tools to grow your skills (and your business) in new directions all at a great value. richer more compelling websites create more compelling and dynamic websites by incorporating high-quality motion graphics and video in your designs. adobe creative suite 3 master collection combines the best of adobe web and interactive tools--flash cs3 professional dreamweaver cs3 contribute cs3 and fireworks cs3--with the best of adobe motion and video tools--after effects cs3 professional adobe premiere pro cs3 and soundbooth cs3. tools to take you beyond the web move beyond web design and development and begin to incorporate print video and mobile design and production into your repertoire. master collection offers the essential tools you need for professional web design as well as tools to expand into new disciplines--including learning resources and other support for quickly getting up to speed in the areas you're starting to explore. a complete cost-effective toolset expand your technical skills without breaking your budget. master collection combines everything you need for your core discipline as well as tools to grow your skills (and your business) in new directions all at a great value. tools to promote your projects call attention to your motion graphics videos and films by creating print and web marketing materials. adobe creative suite 3 master collection offers the essential tools you need to put your ideas in motion as well as tools to expand into print web and mobile publishing so you can promote your projects and grow your business. efficient post-production solution efficiently handle all aspects of post-production from importing and editing footage to creating titles and dvd menus and showcase your work effectively using high-quality standards-based output for web mobile film video and dvd. * online services including but not limited to adobe stock photos and acrobat connect may not be available in all countries languages and currencies. availability of services is subject to change. use of online services is governed by terms and conditions of a separate agreement and may be subject to additional fees. for details visit www.adobe.com. adobe creative suite 3: what's in each edition? adobe creative suite 3 editions design premium design standard web premium web standard production premium master collection adobe photoshop cs3 extended adobe photoshop cs3 adobe illustrator cs3 adobe indesign cs3 adobe acrobat 8 professional adobe flash cs3 professional adobe dreamweaver cs3 adobe contribute cs3 adobe fireworks cs3 adobe after effects cs3 professional adobe premiere pro cs3 adobe soundbooth cs3 adobe encore cs3 adobe onlocation * adobe ultra cs3 * additional features and services in adobe creative suite 3 adobe bridge cs3 adobe version cue cs3 adobe device central cs3 adobe dynamic link adobe stock photos adobe acrobat connect * adobe ultra runs on microsoft windows only. for macintosh users adobe onlocation requires bootcamp and windows (purchased separately) or a separate windows-based computer. adobe 2499|outlook 2007 edu - microsoft - 543-03865 microsoft office outlook 2007 provides an integrated solution formanaging your time and information connecting across boundaries and remaining in control of the information that reaches you.office outlook 2007 delivers innovations you can use to ...  50.13 gbp
0|details 3.0 - marketing information: make your project information work for you! the who what and when of your projects are too important to leave to chance. with details your project information is centralized organized and always up-to-date. in an instant you can communicate project statuses with colleagues and clients with presentation-quality reports and customized forms. product information - software sub type: project management/version control - software name: details v.3.0 - complete product - features and benefits: - easy setup - quickstart templates - accurate reporting - custom forms - the report generator - timeline graphs - submittal logs - project logs - contact fields - hyperlinks - web graphics - calculation fields - work calendar - this pop-up console enables you to oversee and manage the import process when importing data from other applications and files - choice lists - column summaries - language support: english - platform support: pc license information - license type: complete product - license pricing: standard - license quantity: 1 user aec software 304.99|ages of empires iii system requirements: subject to change g4/g5 or intel processor running at 1.4ghz or faster mac os x v10.3.9 or higher 512mb ram 64 mb video card (with support for hardware t & l). 56k dial-up internet access or lan for online play  45.99
0|scansoft paperport professional 11 - 5 user license - marketing information: paperport professional 11 offers all the great features that have made paperport the 1 desktop document management solution plus you also get greater support for the pdf file format more ways to scan documents support for networked multi-function devices and computers and a whole lot more. itandquot;s the first desktop product to combine the power of creating pdf files with the convenience of local or network scanning and the efficiency of document management into a single easy-to-use office productivity application. ideal for individuals workgroups and enterprise organizations paperport professional is the best way to work with scanned paper pdf files and digital documents. product information - software sub type: document management - software name: scansoft paperport v.11.0 professional - complete product - features and benefits: better way to scan documents: - support for scanner buttons - one interface for all your scanners - get the results you expect - automatically - get scanning right in one step - scan efficient small color pdf files for sharing a fast affordable way to create and assemble pdf documents: - easily create pdf files from all your applications - scan-to-pdf - capture web pages as pdf - assemble custom pdf documents with drag and drop simplicity superior document management on your pc desktop: - intuitive thumbnail desktop - fast easy electronic form filling - cut and paste text - from paper and pd nuance communications inc. 949.99|panda software gatdef performa anti-spam mod 2001-3k 1yr - a1pgdpcash-gov   14
0|refviz v2 mac single user refviz v2 mac single user isi researchsoft 299.95|roxio(r) popcorn(tm) 2 your movies on dvd psp(tm) and ipod(r)! roxio popcorn 2 helps you easily make high-quality copies of your dvds and movies. convert and transfer your movies to the ipod psp 3gp mobile phones divx handhelds and more. powerful fit-to-dvd(tm) ...  49.99
0|bias deck le 3.5 macintosh cd if you want to record music and audio like a pro - but don't feel like breaking the bank - we've got some great news for you: deck 3.5 le!deck 3.5 le turns your mac into a full-fledged recording studio. you can easily record up to 12 tracks with full cd quality. edit your work instantly (while always being able to revert to your original recordings) process your tracks using eq and other built-in digital signal processing and even play back midi files in perfect sync. when you're done recording you can mix it all down using deck 3.5 le's virtual mixing console.deck 3.5 le is everything you need and then some. sure you could always take a few months to learn some other multitrack software or buy a complicated (and expensive) hardware recorder. but no other solution is as easy to use and as fast to learn or is more compatible with so many audio interfaces. bias 99|catfish keith homespun video dynamic country blues guitar - homespun level 4 in this outstanding lesson catfish teaches his trademark arrangements of seven traditional country blues songs from mississippi to the caribbean. in each case he first plays the tune then slows it down to highlight how he achieves his dynamic ...  22.13
0|corel wordperfect office 12 standard upgrade produce documents and office presentations that look great in multiple formats -- and much more! / version upgrade enhance your personal documents with powerful graphics tools - add 3d charts tables clipart images or your own artwork publish directly to pdf with the push of a button greater support for open standards like quattro pro 2 presentations 12 with html xml and microsoft office products corel 149.99|topics entertainment classics the: the piano a new worldwide audio standard for classical music! the high definition classics recordings produce an indescribable depth of sound. enjoy the lush classical sounds and dynamic interpretations of the piano an innovative 4-volume 16-disc audio ...  20
0|mobi recam camera monitoring and notification software  mobi 119.99|aspyr call of duty 2 mac system requirements: final system requirements will be given once testing of those requirements is complete. important note: because all users have different ideas of what it means for a game to be 'playable' some users may feel a game plays fine ...  47.99
0|dk smart steps 3rd grade give your child the competitive edge they deserve! developed by dedicated educators smart steps 3rd grade targets the math reading and science skills that children need to succeed. with over 130 tutorials and over 380 activities this is the most complete learning system for your third grader. a unique sticker reward system provides continual encouragement and will inspire children to complete each activity - and continue on to new ones. no other kids' learning system gives parents such a straightforward way to track your child's progress. easily see your child's strengths challenges and where they're spending the most time. keep your child a step ahead with smart steps! global software publishing 9.99|adobe after effects cs3 professional software for mac effects software after effects cs3 professional software for mac the after effects cs3 professional software for mac from adobe is a powerful 2d and 3d compositing and animation suite. the software can be used to create motion graphics for film video dvd the web and ...  998.95
0|hp data protector exp bu svr cmp upgrade ltu  hewlett packard 0|destineer inc age of empires iii: the warchiefs expansion pack the warchiefs is the new expansion pack for the best-selling real-time strategy (rts) title age of empires iii. age of empires iii: the warchiefs will engage gamers of all ages and types in epic warfare in the americas where they will lead the ...  26.14
0|microsoft windows terminal server 2003 client additional license for users- 5 user terminal server lets you deliver windows-based applications or the windows desktop itself to virtually any computing device--including those that cannot run windows. terminal server provides this capability for both windows and non-windows-based client devices. when a user runs an application on terminal server all of the application execution takes place on the server and only keyboard mouse and display information traverses the network. with remote desktop for administration (formerly known as terminal services in remote administration mode) you can administer a computer from virtually any computer on your network. based on terminal services technology remote desktop for administration is specifically designed for server management. terminal server session directory is a feature that allows users to easily reconnect to a disconnected session in a load balanced terminal server farm. session directory is compatible with the windows server 2003 load balancing service and is supported by third-party external load balancer products from manufacturers such as f5 networks and radware. note: this is one additional windows server 2003 terminal server user cal. microsoft 669|anne murray yamaha anne murray - the best ... so far - smart pianosoft this innovative software series enables your disklavier mark iii piano to perform with the world's most popular cds! using yamaha's pianosmart technology this companion diskette will magically empower your disklavier mark iii to accompany the ...  18.5
0|the little mermaid/beauty and the beast contains the following songs: 1. fathoms below 2. daughters of triton 3. part of your world 4. under the sea 5. part of your world reprise 6. poor unfortunate souls 7. les poissons 8. kiss the girl 9. belle 10. belle reprise 11. gaston 12. gaston reprise 13. be our guest 14. something there 15. the mob song 16. beauty and the beast yamaha 34.95|chronos soho labels and envelopes system requirements ? apple macintosh g3 or higher ? mac os x v10.2 or later (v10.3 or later required to use vector clip art) ? 30 mb of available disk space (1.2gb for full clip art collection) ? cd-rom drive ? inkjet or laser printer (optional). ...  29.99
0|vegas 6 for pc sony media software vegas 6 sony pictures home entertainment 599.99|sonicwall gms 1000n-incremental lic upg today enterprises and service providers face increasing security challenges in their distributed networks from security and virus attacks to enforcing security policies. as a distributed network grows and branches into multiple subnetworks linked ...  62920.89
0|punch! ultimate deck and landscape ultimate deck & landscape integrates landscaping deck design and exterior home design. estimator and deck wizards aid in creating your ideal outdoor living space. get 3-d photorealistic fly-throughs drag-and-drop textures and landscaping--all with a single interface.use the software to see how your home exterior will integrate with your deck and landscape design. add stone siding or paint color to match your current home or view changes as a remodeling part of your project. when you're ready to landscape your home design just add your plantings to your existing file. the software lets you landscape without redrawing your house plan. your results are rendered in high-resolution 3-d complete with shadows just like a photograph.design the perfect deck for your home plan with ultimate deck. multilevel or multistory decks with 3-d photorealistic textures stairs railings object placement and color capabilities give you the ability to design exactly the deck you want. deck wizards walk you through railings baluster options and more. the deck & landscape estimator compiles building material and landscape planting information in a custom spreadsheet report as you draw. the editable and exportable spreadsheet is available right from the program. just add in costs and you'll have an accurate report of your expenses. punch! software 29|office pro 2007 upgrade - microsoft - 269-10294 microsoft office outlook 2007 with business contact manager offerspowerful customer and contact management. now you can collect andcontrol all of your customer information and communications in oneplace so you can stay organized and respond quickly ...  257.71 gbp
0|i copy dvds 2 professional edition icopydvds2 pro edition contains all you need to copy a dvd movie quickly and easily. the interface is simple and direct just put in your movie press copy and icopydvds2 does the rest! our unique auto fit and auto burn technology creates the highest quality movie possible on a single disc every time! me too software 69.99|nova development corp pc tutor learn windows vista & office 2007 pc tutor? is computer training at its finest ? fast and easy and an effective way to learn windows vista and microsoft office 2007. this innovative courseware will engage and motivate you with interesting lessons and fun practice exercises every step  28.3
0|cook'n vegetarian featuring recipes for tasty and healthful meatless dishes made with fresh ingredients the cook'n vegetarian cd also includes a selection of almost-instant recipes with preparation times of 30 minutes or less. many of the cook'n vegetarian cd's recipes use less fats sugars and salts and bring out the natural nutritional properties in everyday foods. recipe selection is made simple: type in what ingredients you have on hand and search for recipes utilizing those ingredients. other features include:hundreds of full-color food photos organize your own recipes e-mail recipes to your friends print your recipes on decorative 3-by-5 cards create weekly menus make grocery shopping lists search the internet for coupons analyze the nutritional value of your recipes download recipes and shopping lists to your palm pilot dvo enterprises 19.99|jumpstart kindergarten (jc) players team up with frankie and the jumpstart pals as they get ready for the wackiest bumpiest twirliest car race.  9.9
0|instant immersion german audio instant immersion german audio (audio book) topics entertainment 0|231319-b26 hp storageworks secure path for windows workgroup edition - ( v. 4.0c ) - licens hp 231319-b26 : usually ships in 24 hours : : hp storageworks secure path for windows provides continuous data access for raid storage systems on windows server 2003 windows 2000 and windows nt platforms.  66453.59
0|punch! home design architectura series 18 the big story is flexibility and ease of use. architectural series 18 provides innovative new tools to unleash your design creativity. explore new tools for creating complex objects from simple ones presentation tools for final prints and even special tools for easily changing the design in 3d. novice or pro architectural series 18 is easy to use! a single easy-to-use interface puts powerful tools at your fingertips; you can use as many or a few as you choose and still get professional results. beginners will appreciate the video tooltips tutorials that teach you as you draw and simple drag & drop functions for windows doors furniture texture color and landscaping. professionals will appreciate the more complex features such as extensive framing and estimating mechanical design and cad functions to name a few. architectural series 18 was designed to grow with you as you become more proficient with the program. regardless of your expertise architectural series 18 makes home design an enjoyable experience. punch! software 129.99|knowledge adventure inc. jumpstart advanced preschool v2.0 the complete get ready for school program jumpstart advanced preschool is the complete get ready for school program. now including jumpstart toddlers it delivers more fun and engaging activities than ever in this 4-cd set. disc  16.93
0|vegas movie studiodvd+8 plat becoming a movie mogul or star is easy with sony vegas movie studio. distributing your video creation to friends families and producers is even better with sony dvd8. vegas movie studio+dvd platinum software offers everything you get with the standard version such as easy drag-and-drop video editing integrated dvd layout and burning and show me how interactive tutorials. in addition platinum edition provides added features advanced editing tools bonus video effects and a comprehensive training dvd to speed you through even the most complex movie projects?from fullscreen dv to widescreen hdv. import multichannel (5.1) source files from your sony or other dvd camcorder and use the surround sound mixing and panning tools to create dynamic 5.1-channel surround dvd soundtracks support for any aspect ratio (4 - 3 16 - 9 etc) supports multiple file formats and frame rates high definition editing and output simple drag-and-drop operations interactive show me how tutorials and online help explorer view project media bins track markers and regions unlimited undo/redo 1 001 sound effects edition of dvd architect 4.5 for building and burning pro-grade dvd versions sony media 129.95|24100 punch! 5 in 1 home design - complete package - 1 user - cd - win punch! software 24100 : usually ships in 24 hours : in stock : punch! 5 in 1 home design is a suite of power tools for serious home design plus ultimate deck for the perfect outdoor addition to your living space.  36.28
0|lego star wars (dvd) (mac) lego star wars blends the unique world of lego with the adventure of star wars for unforgettable action and fun. live the most popular moments from the phantom menace attack of the clones and revenge of the sith. episodes i to iii come to life -- and you can become a part of the story! aspyr media 29.99|marty stuart yamaha the best of marty stuart: the millennium collection - smart pianosoft this innovative software series enables your disklavier mark iii piano to perform with the world's most popular cds! using yamaha's pianosmart technology this companion diskette will magically empower your disklavier mark iii to accompany the ...  14.86
0|south park chef's luv shack chef takes on the role of game show host in a wild multiplayer match featuring all your favorite south park characters! compete with your friends in dozens of minigames that test your south park gaming skills! it's no mystery why they call south park: chef's luv shack the greatest party game ever! is there anything this game doesn't do? in addition to being a really fun and surprisingly challenging trivia contest this game features well over a dozen minigames that draw upon some of the greatest gaming genres ever created. acclaim 39.95|standard anti-virus 100 users w/ 1 yr service agreement   374.99
0|wasp bar code - wasp bar code labeler - complete package - 3 users - std - cd -  wasp technologies 0|00dexx17cc01 designcad - ( v. 17 ) - complete package - 1 user - cd - win imsi 00dexx17cc01 : usually ships in 24 hours : in stock : designcad v17 is a versatile and easy-to-use 2d drafting program perfect for first time cad users.  25.54
0|snap enterprise data replicator advanced license for 10000 series the trend toward distributed enterprises whether they are branch offices remote development centers or offshore entities has lead to a marked increase in the distribution of mission-critical data across the enterprise. even though many corporations treat their remotes offices as independent revenue centers their central it departments invest the lions share of their time and resources on core data and overlook the distribution synchronization and protection of their remote office data. little time or money remains to invest in robust solutions for distributed data. snap enterprise data replicator (snap edr) coupled with high-performance snap servers provides distributed enterprises with the robust data protection solution that they need to manage and protect distributed data. a powerful high-performance data replication and availability solution featuring the industrys most comprehensive set of data management and security capabilities snap edr allows organizations to efficiently and cost-effectively replicate and manage data heterogeneously between guardianos snap servers and windows linux and unix servers across a distributed network. not just a point solution the snap edr management framework forms the basis for remote data control and movement solutions throughout the enterprise. snap edr allows users to easily control the movement of files between servers; from many remote offices to a central server; and to automatically distribute data from a central server to remote office servers. flexible job scheduling for data movement ensures that distributed data can be protected as needed by the central office providing a remote office data management solution for distributed application data. adaptec 0|adobe 38040450 - dreamweaver cs3 - complete product - web development - 1 user - complete product - academic - universal english - mac intel-based mac adobe 38040450 : quickly and easily design develop and maintain websites and web applications - from start to finish - with adobe dreamweaver cs3 software. built for both designers and developers dreamweaver cs3 offers the choice of working in an ...  182.97
0|apple final cut studio 2 (mac) final cut studio 2 delivers an integrated post-production solution that lets you move effortlessly from editing to color grading to creating motion graphics to sculpting audio to multiformat encoding and dvd authoring. this powerful new version features final cut pro 6 motion 3 soundtrack pro 2 compressor 3 dvd studio pro 4 and color the newest member of the suite. craft the perfect story using a tightly integrated and innovative suite of products created specifically for video editors. with xml to share project data and quicktime to seamlessly move media between systems final cut studio 2 can fit into virtually any production pipeline or newsroom. editing unleashed final cut studio 2 helps take you beyond mere editing. discover the intuitive power of new creative tools designed expressly for final cut pro editors. rapidly move through editing to motion graphics audio editing and mixing color grading and delivery--all as a natural extension of the work you already do. final cut studio 2 puts a powerful new version of final cut pro at the center of an integrated post-production workflow. final cut studio 2 includes final cut pro 6 motion 3 soundtrack pro 2 compressor 3 dvd studio pro 4 and color--a brand-new application for professional color grading. it's a final cut world independent filmmakers. hollywood film editors. corporate video and event producers. editors with hourly deadlines cutting broadcast spots or network news. hundreds of thousands of creative professionals all over the world have made final cut pro their first choice for editing. it has rapidly become an industry standard. building on this success apple has designed each application in final cut studio 2 with final cut pro editors in mind. start working quickly with intuitive tools and familiar interfaces. whenever you're ready for precise control a comprehensive set of features is just a click away. the editor's choice final cut studio 2 is fast fluid and flexible. use a laptop on location and a desktop in the studio. start with the tools you already use today and extend your reach when you're ready. final cut studio 2 has everything you need in a single product. edit. use final cut pro 6 for native editing of virtually any format--from dv and sd up to hdv xdcam hd dvcpro hd and fully uncompressed hd. or use prores 422 a new post-production format from apple that offers uncompressed hd quality at sd file sizes. drag clips with different formats and even different frame rates into the new open format timeline. animate. create stunning 2d and 3d motion graphics in real time with motion 3 the fastest and most intuitive way to animate and express your creative vision. just drag and drop to make dramatic particle effects explode into 3d space; form vector-based paint strokes with the swish of a pen. new motion master templates let you edit text and drop in video without leaving final cut pro. mix. record and edit dialogue add music and effects and complete your mix with ease. soundtrack pro 2 lets you work faster than ever in its new streamlined interface. you can even produce in surround sound using innovative visual tools. if you make changes to your edit in final cut pro you can rapidly update your audio mix with the powerful conform feature in soundtrack pro. grade. give your production a signature look or create a consistent feel for shots from different sources. color is the newest member of the final cut studio family offering professional color grading that can elevate the quality of any production. deliver. use compressor 3 to create pristine-quality output for a wide range of delivery formats--including the web ipod iphone apple tv and broadcast servers. a streamlined new interface lets you batch-process encoding with point-and-click ease. if film is your destination use cinema tools 4 to output film lists that combine timecode and keycode in a single list. or use dvd studio pro 4 for professional dvd authoring and mastering. post-production without walls final cut studio 2 is not just a product. it's a platform. open standards encourage innovation giving developers and partners the freedom to create custom solutions. with xml to share project data and quicktime to seamlessly move media between systems final cut studio 2 can fit into virtually any production pipeline or newsroom. whether you're working in a group of 2 or 200 final cut studio lets you collaborate with ease. share media seamlessly across multiple workstations with xsan. use final cut server--with or without xsan--for media asset management and workflow automation that is deeply integrated with final cut studio 2. whether you're cutting commercials editing feature films or pushing out the nightly news final cut server helps you work faster whenever you're working together. final cut pro 6one timeline. infinite possibilities. mix and match source material--both formats and frame rates--in real time using the new open format timeline in final cut pro 6. create exactly the look you want for your projects with the complete set of professional color grading and finishing tools in color. easily create sophisticated 3d environments with depth and realism--with the real-time 3d multiplane compositing tools in motion 3. fly through audio editing and mixing create immersive soundtracks and easily conform audio to video edits using the new streamlined interface in soundtrack pro 2. deliver your best work quickly and easily to virtually any format encoding hands-free on your local mac or across a network of connected mac systems with compressor 3. produce sophisticated fully interactive studio-quality dvd titles with drag-and-drop ease using dvd studio pro 4. the first choice of professional editors worldwide final cut pro 6 delivers high performance digital nonlinear editing native support for virtually any video format and facility-class extensibility and interoperability. its workflow extends through the other final cut studio applications and final cut server for even more power. whether you're working solo or collaborating with a team final cut pro gives you more creative options and technical control than ever before including: broad format support incredible real-time effects comprehensive editing tools expanded power as the hub of final cut studio open extensible architecture colorcolor grading is in the house. color grading involves more than color correction. just as different soundtracks can make a particular scene feel humorous romantic or menacing the look created by a color grade can radically alter the tone and mood of a sequence. color apple's new professional color grading application makes it easy for editors to create signature looks for projects ranging from short video pieces to full-length theatrical films. color offers the following key features: real-time professional color grading dramatic color effects cinema-quality signature looks final cut studio workflows motion 3now playing in 3d. motion 3 takes the complexity out of 3d by extending the 2d tools you already use. with its intuitive interface and rich toolset the only limit is your imagination. send particles exploding through space. swing cameras around an object with breathtaking ease. squiggle a vector-based paint stroke in 3d through the cosmos. motion 3 lets you create 3d motion graphics with drag-and-drop ease startling performance and unprecedented color fidelity. this powerful upgrade to apple's award-winning motion graphics software features: an intuitive real-time design environment flexible animation tools 3d motion graphics done right breathtaking filters and effects numerous time-saving features soundtrack pro 2the next wave in audio post. soundtrack pro 2 offers unprecedented convenience and power to editors. fly through audio editing and mixing with a new streamlined interface that combines the multitrack timeline and waveform editor in a single view. easily create immersive soundtracks with innovative surround sound tools. automatically conform your audio edit to changes made in your video edit. with its familiar interface and intuitive tools soundtrack pro is the final cut pro of audio post-production. key features of soundtrack pro 2 include: streamlined multitrack interface professional editing and dialogue tools intuitive surround sound automatic audio conform process intelligent workflows compressor 3create once. debut everywhere. with increasing demand for media distribution in multiple formats--ranging from hd broadcast to an ipod screen--it's more important than ever to be able to output files efficiently while keeping quality high. the streamlined interface of compressor 3 lets you quickly configure batch processes for encoding to a wide range of industry standard formats. or create format and standards conversions at pristine quality through sophisticated optical flow technology. for the ultimate high-speed workflow set up distributed encoding over a shared-media network powered by xsan. key features of compressor 3 include: streamlined encoding workflow industry-standard encoding support pristine format conversions distributed encoding dvd studio pro 4simply powerful dvd authoring. dvd studio pro 4 makes it easy to extend your creative vision to every aspect of dvd authoring. whether your project is simple or sophisticated you'll enjoy using familiar easy-to-use tools to produce the perfect presentation of your sd or hd content. a comprehensive set of advanced features is available whenever you want more control. key features of dvd studio pro 4 include: intuitive design environment professional authoring tools versatile dvd mastering post-production workgroups collaborate with a small team of editors in a boutique post-production facility. or build a custom workfl ow for a global news network. whether you're sharing a small number of media assets over a lan or supporting hundreds of editors on a san final cut studio makes it easy for everyone to work together. shared media assets small workgroups can share media over a lan or wan by copying assets from a shared volume to a local workstation. for a scalable high-performance shared storage solution final cut studio editors can collaborate over a fibre channel storage area network (san) powered by xsan. with xsan every editor on a project has concurrent access to source media files and never needs to transfer assets between workstations. each mac system accesses shared files on the san as if the storage were directly attached. xsan can support hundreds of concurrent clients and can easily be expanded to provide more storage capacity and bandwidth as your needs grow. asset management and workflow automation meet final cut server apple's powerful new media asset management and workflow automation software. final cut server takes the headache out of managing large collections of media files then extends to tracking job status managing reviews and approvals and automating complex sequences of tasks--all with apple's legendary ease of use and all in a single product designed to work seamlessly with final cut studio. final cut server combines server software designed to run on mac os x with a cross-platform client that runs on either macintosh or windows-based computers. collaborate over a lan or wan with a small number of users or leverage the power of xsan to share media across a large number of workstations. apple 1299|eq771av aba microsoft windows xp professional - license and media - 1 user - cto - english - hp eq771av aba : usually ships in 24 hours : : microsoft windows xp professional is the next version of the windows operating system which is designed for businesses of all sizes and for individuals who demand the most from their computing ...  137.09
0|real arcade: adventure inlay adventure inlay is brain-teasing game play that combines magic inlay and puzzle inlay. take off on a whirlwind tour in four exciting game modes: play the way you remember with all new puzzles and themes in traditional choose carefully in strategy uncover the secrets of the wild in revealer or solve challenging puzzles in enigma mode. loaded with stunning graphics and tons of brain-teasing action adventure inlay is an excursion your whole family will enjoy. let the adventure begin! activision 29.95|freeverse burning monkey solitaire 3d system requirements: os: 9.0 quicktime 5 ram requirements: 10 mb hard drive requirements: 15 mb  24.99
0|superstart! science arcade kids can discover a fun new way to learn about the amazing world of science. learn about machines great inventors and their inventions the solar system music and more - the kid-friendly environment makes it easy. selectsoft publishing 24.95|hoyle solitaire hoyle solitaire gives you 50 different variations of solitaire and built-in tutorials to teach you the rules from the official name in gaming hoyle. system requirements: windows 98/me/2000/xp pentium  processor or faster 40 mb hard disk space  9.99
0|mcafee virusscan plus - 3 user you love cruising and using the internet. there are hackers out there ready to pounce on you and your computer - causing in all sorts of harm. mcafee 3-in-1 virusscan plus antivirus firewall antispyware pc protection 2008 software is necessary to safeguard your pc from viruses hackers and other culprits that want to harm it and you. it offers 1-year of protection constantly updated to keep your system's protection current. so cruise and use the web in comfort. be assured that you're protected by a leader in pc and internet security. stops viruses - automatically blocks cleans and removes viruses so you can surf the web safely and download files blocks spyware - blocks spyware before it installs on your computer and removes existing spyware so you can surf the web safely stops hackers. protects and conceals your computer from hackers always on and working in the background providing updates for 1 year after installation to your pc. 24/7 virus and threat protection from mcafee avert labs continuously monitors worldwide virus activities and provides immediate anti-virus protection and removal solutions daily updates are installed automatically. when a new version of mcafee is available you get it automatically at no charge during your subscription ensuring that you always have up-to-date protection - for up to 1-year (renewable) mcafee systemguards watches your computer for specific behaviors that may signal virus spyware or hacker activity siteadvisor adds safety ratings to sites and search engine results based on comprehensive spam adware and online scam safety tests stealth mode can hide your presence on the internet making your computer invisible to hackers mcafee securitycenter makes it simple to review your computer's security status check for updates and fix potential security issues mcafee 59.99|nickelodeon splat pack for pc join your favorite nickelodeon characters in the five action packed games included in the nickelodeon splat pack. in spongebob squarepants: employee of the month mr. krabs gives spongebob amusement park tickets as a reward for becoming employee of ...  19.99
0|snap! 10 000 drink recipies (jewel case) trying to find the perfect after dinner drink? not sure what you can mix with the liquor you already have? snap!  10 000 drink recipes is the solution to all your beverage needs. from cocktails to bar drinks you can find practically any recipe with the extensive search option. providing an array of choices this cd-rom is a fantastic resource for any occasion. system requirements:windows 95/98/me or better 8mb ram 6mb hd 2x cd-rom drive vga monitor sound card topics entertainment 4.99|crystal reports xi developer edition - business objects - w-1rd-e-wx-00 crystal reports can help you create flexible high-fidelity reportsand tightly integrate them into applications. learn how thefollowing groups of features make it a world standard forenterprise reporting. crystal reports allows developers to ...  400.03 gbp
0|lego star wars ii: the original trilogy for mac lego star wars ii sets players loose in the original three chapters of the star wars saga -- making this the true sequel our fans have been clamoring for. follow the rebel alliance's battle to dismantle the galactic empire and rebuild a galaxy in pieces. from darth vader's pursuit of princess leia aboard her blockade runner to a showdown on the reconstructed death star the game includes even more of the family-friendly lego action puzzles and humor that earned the original lego star wars such popularity and acclaim. feral interactive 39.99|dreamcatcher interactive mark the fanatic terrorists are planning the ultimate strike: from the son of a russian millionaire they have obtained a nuclear warhead ? and from iraq a carrier rocket. their target: london england! two specialists have been called to stop the madness. ...  26.14
0|broderbund print shop 21 deluxe if you're ready to add a creative touch to your photos and other digital images then print shop 21 deluxe is for you. with over 320 000 images and graphics plus another 17 500 project templates print shop 21 deluxe gives you everything you need to get started. an advanced photo editor offers expert editing results to make your photos perfect every time. you can easily incorporate them into any project create slide shows burn them to a cd or even resize for your mobile phone. an enhanced photo-quality printing and new borderless print features mean your projects will have the refined look you want! photo shop 21 deluxe even helps you manage your time with calender creator express and its new address book and mail merge feature give you effortless mailings every time. encore software 49.99|23102459dg adobe photoshop cs3 - ( v. 10 ) - media - gov - tlp - download - win - worldwide adobe systems 23102459dg : usually ships in 24 hours : : adobe photoshop cs3 software accelerates your path from imagination to imagery.  21.28
0|sportsman's double play sportsman's double play gives you the very best in fishing and shooting action. it's easy to play and takes you to multiple competitions for fun & practice. fish and shoot in scenic areas alone or compete in a tournament or with a friend. masque publishing 19.95|topics entertainment instant immersion ingles audio deluxe now you can join the conversation with instant immersion ingles audio deluxe the dynamic language learning system comprising recorded audio instruction and printed lesson reinforcement.  17.55
0|sony sound effects series vol 1 through 10 sony media software is proud to present the sony pictures sound effects series: volumes one through ten a master collection of professional grade sound effects and dynamic audio design tailor-made to help elevate any production to the content quality standards of the hollywood entertainment industry. the sounds in this astonishing series were hand-picked from sony's expansive archives. sony pictures digital entertainment 0|emc securid appl mnt - ent/ ext 23mo per u 5005-7500 - app0007500ee23   23
0|studio movieboard plus pci hardware pinnacle studio movieboard plus is the ultimate movie-making solution providing video enthusiasts with the most complete set of hardware & software tools available. the pci card/external break-out box combination easily captures video from any analog or digital source. it enables output to disc mobile devices back to tape or for full-resolution preview to a tv monitor for precision editing. pinnacle's powerful yet intuitive video editing software pinnacle studio plus titanium edition is paired with a microphone and green backdrop for professional-quality voice audio recording and composite ?green screen? special effects for results that will amaze your audience. minimum system requirements - intel pentium or amd athlon 1.4 ghz or higher (2.4 ghz+ recommended) / 512mb ram (1 gb recommended. 1 gb required for hd) / windows xp (sp2 or higher) / directx 9 or higher compatible graphics card with 32mb (ati radeon or nvidia geforce 3 or higher with 128 mb recommended for sd. 128 mb required for 720p hd. 256 mb required for 1080i hd) / directx 9 or higher compatible sound card / 500mb of disk space to install software pinnacle 251.55|microsoft(r) picture it! digital image pro 9.0 picture it! digital image pro puts you in control of your photos through a unique combination of powerful digital imaging tools with helpful wizards and professional-quality photo projects. picture it! digital image pro offers advanced tools that ...  99.87
0|intervideo dvd copy 5 express dvd copy 5 express gives you fast dvd-copying and file-conversion software. in just three steps you'll copy videos to most popular formats and now directly to your psp or ipod. make 1:1 copies of your favorite films in no time at all. copying movies has never been more simple! corel 29.99|sony vegas 7 + dvd production suite software - full version video editing and dvd creation vegas+dvd production suite combines vegas 7 dvd architect 4 and dolby digital ac-3 encoding software to offer an integrated environment for all phases of video audio dvd and broadcast production  426
0|jumpstart kindergarten jumpstart kindergarten is designed to stimulate excite and inform children entering school for the first time. mr. hopsalot a cartoon bunny helps students ages 4 to 6 learn how to tell time identify upper- and lowercase letters sort objects understand prepositions and more. as with all jumpstart programs jumpstart kindergarten adapts content and presentation to a child's level of achievement and provides plenty of feedback and encouragement. knowledge adventure 19.99|46503 novanet-web - competitive upgrade license - 10 users - win novastor 46503 : usually ships in 24 hours : : novanet web is the most advanced data protection software solution for microsoft windows users.  1135.97
0|zonealarm anti-spyware 1 year protection zonealarm's powerful anti-spyware protection stops spyware before it gets on your pc. it also scans for and removes spyware already on it and offers extra protection from dangerous spyware websites. it combines the robust security features computer experts demand with automatic functions that make it simple enough for novices to use. delivers proactive firewall protection with multiple layers of security that stop inbound outbound and program attacks while remaining completely invisible to hackers guards the network perimeter from inbound and outbound threats with the world's 1 firewall prevents spyware and other malicious programs from sending your personal information across the internet automatically makes your computer invisible to anyone on the internet protects your programs from malware smartdefense advisor automatically adjusts your security settings for maximum protection against the latest virus and spyware outbreaks includes defensenet an early warning system that gathers data from the zone labs user community on the latest spyware and malware outbreaks leverages this vast user knowledge by including it in signature updates that protect your pc from the latest spyware attacks system requirements - windows 2000 pro/xp / pentium iii 450 mhz or higher. 50mb of available hard disk space. internet access. minimum system ram - 64mb (2000 pro) 128mb (xp) vista compatible zone labs 29.99|donald fagen homespun donald fagen - concepts for jazz/rock piano - dvd this dvd provides rare insights into the musical thinking of one of the most influential songwriters and arrangers in modern american popular music. steely dan's donald fagen reveals how traditional twelve-bar blues and r&b structures can be the ...  22.13
0|great invasions great invasions plunges you back into the dark age of europe when barbarian tribes and nation states quarreled & warred. lead armies in the epic conquest of europe -- by force or diplomacy your dominance must be established. conquer your opponents as the fate of the western world unfolds! multiplayer mode supporting up to 4 players via lan or internet strategy first 39.99|namco 15022 moto gp psp - sony psp software namco 15022 moto gp psp - sony psp software ... namco 15022 moto gp psp - sony psp software ... sony psp software moto gp psp moto gp psp this is the first time the motogp championship has appeared on psp allowing fans to race against their biking ...  36.99
0|adobe flash pro cs3 upgrade [mac] note: this is the upgrade version of adobe flash cs3 professional. adobe flash cs3 professional upgrade software is the most advanced authoring environment for creating rich interactive content for digital web and mobile platforms. create interactive websites rich media advertisements instructional media presentations games and more. depend on flash cs3 and adobe flash player to ensure your content reaches the widest possible audience. create rich interactive content for digital web and mobile platforms. the flash welcome screen gives you quick access to recent documents and also helps you get started with creating new files& 151;either from scratch or from existing samples or templates. no more running back to photoshop to make simple text edits. enjoy creative flexibility realize your creative vision with a full complement of drawing animation and interactive design tools. explore innovative styles and techniques impress your clients with more than they expected and deliver consistent results across multiple platforms. with flash cs3 professional the possibilities extend as far as your imagination. maximize development productivity leverage the power of a true development environment. utilize professional coding tools including code collapse commenting automatic syntax completion streamlined error resolution and more. the new actionscript 3.0 language supports a structured and intuitive workflow that saves time and facilitates exchange between designers and developers enabling individuals and teams to deliver predictable consistent results that meet or exceed the original vision. easily work with other adobe software now your favorite tools will play well together. enjoy timesaving integration with other adobe creative software including adobe premiere pro photoshop illustrator flex builder 2 after effects and soundbooth as well as adobe bridge the central hub of adobe creative suite 3. easily exchange designs assets and files between applications without compromising fidelity. extend your reach extend the reach of your work by creating content for adobe flash player the world's most pervasive software platform. flash player is installed on more than 700 million computers and devices worldwide including over 96% of internet-enabled desktops. by creating content with flash cs3 you can leverage your work not only to the internet but also to a wide range of mobile and consumer electronics devices. create content once and then deploy it to multiple platforms. audience benefit web and interactive content designers--adobe flash cs3 professional software offers a flexible advanced authoring environment for creating unique online experiences with the latest in technical innovations such as interactive video and high standards of usability and accessibility. flash cs3 makes it easy to design interactive experiences that convey your true creative vision and impress your clients. enjoy intelligent integration with other adobe creative software. instructional media designers--adobe flash cs3 professional software offers an intuitive flexible authoring environment for creating instructional media content that is easy to deploy to the widest possible audience via web and mobile devices. the advantages of flash cs3 include the ability to integrate audio and video seamless integration with related adobe software and optional integration with education tracking systems. graphic designers--adobe flash cs3 professional software enables experienced graphic designers to expand their creative repertoire to include interactive design without compromising efficiency or disrupting existing processes and workflows. use flash cs3 to build projects that impress clients with truly unique interactive engaging content that better enables them to meet their marketing or business goals. student designers--adobe flash cs3 professional software offers nearly limitless opportunity to student designers and developers who are interested in building careers using interactive design technology. flash cs3 integrates with and supports a broad spectrum of emerging technologies including ajax 3d animation online video and open source development. each day more and more creative professionals make flash cs3 their primary tool for building a creative reputation and advancing their career. video and motion graphics professionals--adobe flash cs3 professional software dramatically expands the creative options for video and motion graphics professionals without compromising efficiency or disrupting existing processes. create innovative videos films and animations with compelling creative and interactive effects and leverage them across media including broadcast tape web and mobile devices. leverage the advantages of flash player including small content file size; broad distribution; and rapid automatic updates. top reasons to buy adobe flash cs3 produce content for a wide range of mobile and consumer electronics devices. the emulator in adobe device central gives you a spectacular preview for how your content will appear on a mobile device. adobe photoshop and adobe illustrator import import photoshop (psd) and illustrator (ai) files while preserving layers and structure and then edit them in flash cs3. optimize and customize the files during import with advanced options. frame-based timeline quickly add motion to your creations with the easy-to-use highly controllable frame-based timeline inspired by traditional animation principles such as keyframing and tweening. shape primitives easily create pie wedges round off rectangle corners define an inner circle radius and do much more. visually adjust shape properties on the stage. and create custom shapes with the included javascript api. actionscript 3.0 development save time with the new actionscript 3.0 language featuring improved performance increased flexibility and more intuitive and structured development. the import video dialog box takes you through the necessary steps to encode and prepare the video for use in your flash project. flash video encoder is a separate standalone application that can save time by batch processing the encoding of video files for the necessary conversion to flv format. sophisticated video tools create edit and deploy streaming and progressive download flash video with comprehensive video support. ensure the best video experience with a standalone video encoder alpha channel support a high-quality video codec embedded cue points video import support quicktime import closed captioning and much more. mp3 audio support integrate audio into your projects by importing mp3 files. integration with adobe soundbooth makes it easy to edit files as needed without requiring audio production experience. rich drawing capabilities visually adjust shape properties on the stage with smart shape drawing tools create precise vector illustrations with the new pen tool inspired by adobe illustrator paste illustrations from illustrator cs3 into flash cs3 and more. extensible architecture leverage the flash application programming interfaces (apis) to easily develop extensions that add custom functionality. convert animation to actionscript instantly convert timeline animations into actionscript 3.0 code that can be easily edited reused and leveraged by developers. copy animations from one object to another. adobe device central design preview and test mobile device content including interactive adobe flash lite applications and interfaces using adobe device central now integrated throughout adobe creative suite 3. additional features powerful shape drawing manipulate vector shapes with powerful shape drawing tools. easily bend erase distort skew and combine vector shapes in a natural and intuitive way. skinnable video component use the video component to easily customize the look and feel of video projects without significantly increasing file size. the component works with multiple deployment options including streaming and progressive download. improved adobe software integration enjoy a smoother and more efficient workflow enabled by integration between adobe flash cs3 and related software including adobe premiere pro photoshop illustrator after effects and soundbooth as well as adobe bridge the central hub of adobe creative suite 3. pen tool create precise vector illustrations with the pen tool inspired by adobe illustrator and then manipulate bezier control points using illustrator keyboard shortcuts. adobe interface enjoy a new streamlined interface that emphasizes consistency with other adobe creative suite 3 applications and can be customized to improve workflow and maximize stage space. adobe 199|tri synergy inc wisdom of the bible - holy land edition easy to use bible study tools 12 english bibles 3 greek new testament bibles 21 foreign language bibles 8 dictionaries multimedia assets of maps hear bible passages listen to christian music. includes the messgae bible and the holy land ...  16.01
0|corel wordperfect office x3 professional edition corel wordperfect office x3 professional offers groundbreaking compatibility security and formatting tools for better office productivity. combined with its open-standards support you'll have a new level of document spreadsheet and presentation corel wordperfect office x3 includes all the same features as the standard edition plus all sorts of new tools for professional and enterprise-level users. wordperfect mail provides email calendar contact management and rss capabilities new templates and helpful advice in perfectexpert help you work enhanced word count capabilities migration manager paste without formatting makes it easy to copy text from other documents view and print your documents from a web browser enhanced charting and reporting tools new presentation graphics x3 graphics module special guides for network deployment macro writing and vba programming includes the corel wordperfect office x3 software development kit (sdk) also includes 2-hour training cd getting started with wordperfect office x3 corel 399.99|wasp 633808550059 wasptime rfid clock only no software wasp clock 3100 - rf proximity reader - ethernet 0633808550059 wasp 633808550059 wasptime rfid clock only no software wasp clock 3100 - rf proximity reader - ethernet 0633808550059  473.25
0|ulead videostudio 11 plus ulead videostudio 11 plus is a complete end-to-end hd dvd solution and video editing and dvd authoring software for anyone who wants to easily produce professional-looking videos slide shows and dvds. this editing software lets you capture video from the latest hd camcorders and create amazing high-definition dvds. with timesaving template-based wizards and powerful hands-on tools it will let you express your creativity without the hassle of confusing software interfaces or processes. find out which version of videostudio is right for you. view comparison chart. view larger. burn hd dvd authored projects or folders to hd dvd-r or dvd discs. advanced movie wizard templates let you make movies in three easy steps. preview window for overlays show original overlay image. imagine the movies you'll make the videostudio plus editor gives you all the tools you need to produce professional quality movies. an easy step-by-step workflow lets you spend your time being creative rather than learning technical editing. the movie wizard is ideal for users new to video editing. you can select from several attractive themes and let auto-editing create a professional opening sequence for you and in three easy steps you'll have a complete movie ready to share with the world. you'll be amazed with the range of high-quality features you can choose from to enhance your movie. just hook up your camcorder and choose the clips you want. thanks to the dv-to-dvd wizard in just two steps you'll have a finished dvd complete with menus titles transitions and music. then with a single click you can turn your two-channel stereo sound track creation into an immersive dolby digital 5.1 surround sound experience that's ready for the multiplexes. the program's high-definition authoring technology lets you author hd dvd discs with crisp professional 16:9 high-definition menus. you can switch between 4:3 and 16:9 authoring modes and between standard and high-definition output at any time. easy-to-use menu templates give a professional polish to your production and a timeline chapter point bar enables you to add title chapter points directly to the timeline for a more intuitive way to set the dvd organization. even if you're working on a mid-range machine videostudio plus's purehd editing with smart proxy and purehd authoring and output features make it easy to work in hd from capturing and editing hd video and authoring hd menus to burning hd dvd discs. videostudio lets you burn dvd projects to hd dvd-r and -rw discs record your finished video back to tape for viewing directly from the camcorder create wmv-hd and mpeg-2 hd to play on media center pcs or new high-definition playback devices and much more. enhanced movie wizard for superior creations with videostudio plus's advanced movie wizard templates the movies you can create will be limited only by your imagination. you can create exciting movie-style openings using your video clips in multiple animated frames and it's easy to personalize your videos with your own background music and titles. the program's split by scene feature automatically detects scene changes in your video while you are capturing or in clips already captured and in the library. smart pan and zoom automatically recognizes faces in photos and creates dynamic slide shows. you can also scan your dv tape to generate a thumbnail list of all your clips and then select and batch capture only the clips you want. videostudio plus can also help you to create professional quality titles subtitles and menus. the program supports the unicode character set to simplify multi-language titles. you can create multiple titles that appear at the same time position format and animate each title independently and even edit titles on-screen mixing fonts character sizes and colors. for special title effects you can apply text backdrops with solid or color gradients and transparency animate titles in any of 8 motion styles and even rotate titles directly in the preview window to any angle you like. when it's time to put the finishing touches on your menus you'll have access to tools that will create menu transitions just like blockbuster hollywood dvds. you can set menu-in and menu-out transitions to smoothly go into the next title or menus. you'll have your choice from a wide range of menu options from traditional-style menus with motion buttons to slick-looking menus with text-only buttons. motion filters can create movement even on static menus giving you the ability to select an image for a background and bring it to life with ripples spotlight effects or pan and zooms. best of all you can preview menu behavior at any time in the authoring process. the most complete video solution by supporting all popular formats videostudio plus lets you work with standard and high-definition video images and audio from virtually any video source including dv dvd hdv and avchd camcorders mobile phones web cams and more. the software's comprehensive output options let you save your final video in most popular video formats and the batch convert process saves time when you need to change multiple video files from one format to another. among the devices you can create for are virtually any handheld device including apple ipod sony psp zune nokia mobile phones pdas and other portable devices. you can even compress short movies into email-friendly versions and send them directly from the program. videostudio also comes several bonus features including intervideo windvd8 (silver) a great software dvd player that plays back any video and audio files including avchdl; neptune mediashare which provides you with space on the web where you can share movies with your family and friends; and movie screensaver which creates windows screen savers based on your favorite slide show or video clips complete with music. corel 129.99|pc treasures pct50130 sft elite suite deluxe 2007 vista compatible (pc treasures pct50130) pc treasures pct50130 - flat $8 shipping! 38 in stock as of 08/13/07 06:42 pm. avoid backorders with us! elite suite deluxe 2007 vista compatible includes wordperfect office x3 home edition britannica 2007 desktop encyclopedia professor teaches ...  24.99
0|adobe photoshop cs3 extended [mac] ideal for film video and multimedia professionals and graphic and web designers using 3d and motion as well as professionals in engineering and science adobe photoshop cs3 extended software delivers everything in photoshop cs3 and more. render and incorporate 3d images into your 2d composites. stop time with easy editing of motion graphics on video layers. and probe your images with measurement analysis and visualization tools. the professional standard now comes in two versions& 151;photoshop cs3 and photoshop cs3 extended with additional features and enhancements for specialized image professionals. the clone stamp and healing brush tools now feature an overlay preview of the source areas. the loupe tool in adobe bridge cs3 lets you easily zoom into the fine detail of any image. zoomify export allows you to efficiently display even the highest resolution imagery over low bandwidth web connections. edit 3d and motion-based images adobe photoshop cs3 extended includes key new capabilities that let you incorporate 3d and motion-based content into your image editing workflow. now you can render 3d content into your 2d composites edit existing textures on 3d models and embed your edited models into adobe pdf files for easy collaboration with colleagues. plus you can animate video frames paint and clone over multiple video frames and import and export video files in a wide range of formats. analyze images with precision photoshop cs3 extended helps professionals in manufacturing medicine architecture engineering and scientific research gain more insight from images. measurement and counting tools enable analysis of 2d and 3d images. matlab users can pull image data from photoshop extended into matlab and visualize results of matlab algorithms back in the software. and medical professionals can correct annotate and analyze dicom files. adobe bridge for photoshop cs3 extended features faster performance the filters panel to quickly narrow your view the new loupe tool for close-up inspection of any image and much more. photoshop cs3 extended enables you to open native 3d file formats manipulate the models in 3d space open and edit textures applied to the models and then easily composite the results with 2d images. new features for motion graphics professionals in photoshop cs3 extended include cloning and healing over time with the help of the new clone source palette and preview overlays the enhanced animation palette for time-based editing and native video layers in color depths from 8- to 32-bit. brushes layers and selections are just three of the core editing features now available for 32-bit hdr images exclusively in photoshop cs3 extended. work more productively with improved performance throughout the editing workflow photoshop cs3 extended helps you work more productively--even when editing the most specialized images. experience native performance on both intel and powerpc based macs and on microsoft windows vista systems. maximize your workspace with a streamlined interface process raw images with increased speed and quality and manage assets more efficiently in the revamped adobe bridge cs3. composite and edit with unrivaled power leverage the power of the industry standard for the utmost creative control in image editing and compositing. now you can apply filters nondestructively manage and correct color more easily convert color images to rich black-and-white with one click and retouch images with more powerful cloning and healing tools. plus you can enjoy advanced compositing with breakthrough tools for aligning and blending layers automatically and making image selections with one brush stroke. product highlights experience smooth handling of 3d and motion-based content. gain deeper insights from your images with new measurement and analysis tools. boost your productivity with a streamlined interface enhancements to raw-image processing and asset management workflows and more. achieve your vision with unrivaled power to edit composite and experiment. audience benefit film video and multimedia professionals and graphic and web designers using 3d and motion--with adobe photoshop cs3 extended software you can now leverage the power of the photoshop image-editing toolset and paint engine when editing 3d and motion-based content for film video the web and mobile devices. manufacturing and design engineers--with adobe photoshop cs3 extended software you can easily import rotate and create different rendering modes and edit existing textures on 3d models to enhance 3d content or create compelling composites of 2d and 3d content. medical professionals--adobe photoshop cs3 extended software helps you improve patient care with powerful tools for documenting and analyzing treatment and visualizing potential outcomes. architects and engineers--adobe photoshop cs3 extended software helps you communicate your vision clearly and make an impact with all of your drawings and designs. scientific researchers--adobe photoshop cs3 extended software delivers new tools for analyzing and extracting data from images and offers powerful presentation capabilities to help you communicate your discoveries. students and educators--with features designed for professionals in video and motion graphics production manufacturing medicine architecture engineering and scientific research adobe photoshop cs3 extended software is a key new tool for students pursuing careers in these fields and for their instructors. product overview get everything in adobe photoshop cs3 software and more with photoshop cs3 extended which enables you to edit 3d and motion-based content and perform image analysis. edit 3d and motion-based images 3d image editing 3d compositing and texture editing easily render and incorporate rich 3d content into your 2d composites--even edit textures on 3d models directly within photoshop extended and immediately see the results. photoshop extended supports common 3d interchange formats including 3ds obj u3d kmz and collada so you can import view and interact with most 3d models. integration with adobe acrobat 8 software create modify and collaborate on 3d content more easily through tight integration between photoshop cs3 extended and acrobat 3d software. convert myriad 3d cad formats to the robust u3d interchange format enhance models and create composites with photoshop extended and easily embed 3d models created in photoshop extended into pdf files to distribute for review. enhanced vanishing point with 3d support edit in perspective on multiple surfaces--even those connected at angles other than 90 degrees--with the enhanced vanishing point which also lets you measure in perspective; wrap graphics images and text around multiple planes; and output 2d planes as 3d models. video and animation design movie paint enhance video directly within photoshop extended. now you can paint add text and clone over multiple frames of an imported video sequence. smooth animation workflow easily create animations from a series of still images or video frames with a new animation palette that enables onion skinning. broad video format support including quicktime import quicktime movies and most avi and mpeg files and output video and animations to mov avi mpeg-4 flv 3g flc h.264 (ipod) and dv stream. video layers create and edit images for video with maximum quality and a broader range of color models. edit and enhance grayscale rgb cmyk and lab models at 8- 16- and 32-bit depths with color management. analyze images with precision measurement counting and edit-tracking tools 2d and 3d measurement tools extract quantitative information from images with new measurement tools. easily calibrate or set the scale of an image and then use any of the photoshop extended selection tools to define and calculate distance perimeter area and other measurements. record data points in a measurement log and export data including histogram data to a spreadsheet for further analysis. scale marker show scale in images destined for presentation or publication using the scale marker which lets you easily add a scale graphic to any image. use the ruler and count tools to quickly tally image features and measure size and distance. open annotate remove identifying patient metadata prepare for analysis convert to jpeg for presentation and more with new native dicom file support in photoshop cs3 extended. count tool easily and accurately count objects or features in scientific images with the count tool which eliminates the need to perform manual calculations or rely on visual assessments of changes from image to image. history palette and edit history log undo and redo any set of editing steps in an open image with the history palette and automatically track all editing steps within your files with the edit history log. export steps to a text file or save them as part of image metadata for easier documentation of your work file audits and more. support for manufacturing medical and scientific workflows image stacks quickly combine a series of related images and render them into a single view using a wide variety of rendering options such as median and maximum. photoshop extended automatically analyzes and combines the images while preserving the originals. image stacks are extensible so third parties can write their own render modes. dicom support use the comprehensive photoshop extended toolset to import correct annotate analyze and create animations from dicom images. even automatically remove patient information from dicom metadata and batch save jpeg files for presentation purposes. matlab support pass image data directly between photoshop extended and matlab with the ability to call photoshop extended directly from the matlab command line. visualize results of matlab algorithms in the software and combine matlab processing with photoshop extended image editing to render test and refine algorithms for image processing analysis and more. work more productively efficient and flexible work environment streamlined interface and palette management maximize screen space for editing while keeping essential tools accessible. palettes are now arranged in convenient self-adjusting docks that can be widened to full size or narrowed to icons or even a thin self-revealing strip at the edge of your monitor. faster more flexible asset management with adobe bridge cs3 organize and manage images more efficiently with next-generation adobe bridge cs3 software which now delivers improved performance a filter panel for easier searching the ability to group multiple images under a single thumbnail the loupe tool offline image browsing and more. custom menus shortcuts and workspaces set up and save custom menus keyboard shortcuts and workspaces for quick access to what you need. streamlined workflow better raw-image processing process raw images with increased speed and superior conversion quality using the photoshop camera raw plug-in which now adds support for jpeg and tiff formats; new tools including fill light and dust busting; compatibility with adobe photoshop lightroom software; and support for over 150 camera models. enhanced pdf support work more easily with adobe pdf-based content. precisely control the size of pdf pages opened in photoshop extended; add security controls and metadata such as copyright and exposure details to images within pdf presentations; and create a richer image display in pdf presentations and documents. adobe photoshop lightroom jump from adobe photoshop lightroom software to photoshop cs3 extended in one click for advanced editing of your digital images. lightroom (sold separately) offers an efficient powerful way to import manage and present large volumes of digital images. improved printing experience experience better control over print quality with color management a larger print preview window and more controls in one place so you can print in fewer steps. improved printing controls co-developed by adobe and hp make printing easier and more predictable and streamline setup options via integration with select printers from hp epson and canon. presets make sophisticated color adjustments automatically with one-click presets in curves the channel mixer and the new black and white conversion dialog box. peak performance experience native performance on intel and powerpc based macintosh computers and on microsoft windows xp and windows vista systems. automated production automate common production tasks in a variety of ways. set up event-based scripts record a series of steps as an action for efficient batch processing and design repetitive graphics faster with variables. wide range of supported formats import and export an even greater range of file formats including psd bmp dicom cineon jpeg jpeg2000 openexr png targa and tiff. adobe device central cs3 visually emulate how your dynamic content will render on mobile devices using the built-in adobe device central cs3. zoomify export for high-resolution web display take advantage of adobe flash and zoomify technology to export high-resolution images to the web for viewing through adobe flash player software. flash player displays your images quickly and efficiently letting viewers zoom in on details with minimal delay. improved integration with other adobe tools enjoy better support for photoshop files in your other adobe software applications (sold separately). copy and paste photoshop files directly into adobe dreamweaver cs3 software projects import them into adobe flash cs3 professional software with high fidelity and preserve layer effects and video layers when you import them into adobe after effects cs3 professional software. third-party solutions and resources take advantage of a wealth of additional resources--including software plug-ins books and training--from the longstanding community of expert photoshop developers authors and trainers. auto-align layers can automatically connect a series of photos into a panorama (left). auto-blend layers can then seamlessly blend lighting and texture to complete the perfect composite image (right). composite and edit with unrivaled power maximize screen space for editing while keeping essential tools accessible. faster performance highest quality conversion and new lighting controls are some of the new hallmarks of camera raw in photoshop cs3. simple intuitive point-and-click monochrome conversion is yours with the new black and white adjustment. the new print interface in photoshop cs3 gathers all of the options you need in one easier-to-use dialog box. nondestructive editing smart filters add adjust and remove filters from an image without having to resave the image or start over to preserve quality. nondestructive smart filters allow you to visualize changes without altering original pixel data. smart objects perform nondestructive scaling rotating and warping of raster and vector graphics with smart objects. even preserve the editability of vector data from adobe illustrator software. professional color and tone control color-correction enhancements take advantage of precision color correction made faster and easier. brightness/contrast now provides better results from the same intuitive interface and enhanced curves controls let you make automatic adjustments with included presets or those you create; convert to black-and-white with point sliders; and use a histogram color channel lines and a clipping preview. black-and-white conversion easily convert color images to rich black-and-white and adjust tonal values and tints with a new tool. experiment with the included black-and-white presets or create and save your own custom presets to achieve the best results. improved channel mixer take advantage of new functionality and a host of presets that make the channel mixer easier to use for black-and-white conversion. enhanced 32-bit high dynamic range (hdr) support create and edit 32-bit images and combine multiple exposures into a single 32-bit image that preserves the full range of a scene--from the deepest shadows to the brightest highlights. new image-processing and alignment algorithms deliver superior results. and with photoshop cs3 extended you can even edit 32-bit images using brushes filters blending modes transformations selections tools aspect ratios and more. intelligent image editing and enhancement more powerful cloning and healing tools experience greater control when retouching images with cloning tools and the healing brush. clone images over time; see source pixels under your tool or brush for more precise positioning; preview changes to source content live; and set multiple source points scale and rotate in the new clone source palette. rich painting and drawing toolset create or modify images with a wide assortment of professional fully customizable paint settings artistic brushes and drawing tools. + = the faster route to perfect composites& 151;auto-align layers takes the effort out of perfectly lining up the contents of multiple layers while auto-blend layers completes the task of blending together the texture and lighting from many layers into one. easy compositing and selecting advanced compositing create more accurate composites by automatically aligning multiple photoshop layers or images based on similar content. the auto-align layers command quickly analyzes details and moves rotates or warps layers to align them perfectly and the auto-blend layers command blends the color and shading to create a smooth editable result. improved photomerge technology take advantage of refined photomerge technology which uses new layer-alignment and layer-blending capabilities to let you automatically stitch horizontal or vertical photos into seamless panoramas. quick selection and refine edge tools make selections in a snap. loosely draw on an image area and the quick selection tool automatically completes the selection for you. then preview and fine-tune your selections with the refine edge tool. flexible layers composite images text and effects on hundreds of layers for extraordinarily sophisticated results. organize layers with up to five levels of nesting and save them in different combinations as layer comps. which edition of photoshop cs3 is right for you? photoshop cs3 is available in two editions--photoshop cs3 and photoshop cs3 extended--to meet the diverse needs of professionals in a wide range of fields. adobe photoshop cs3 adobe photoshop cs3 extended builds on photoshop cs2 with dozens of improvements increased productivity with a streamlined interface camera raw enhancements next-generation adobe bridge cs3 and zoomify export unrivaled editing power with live filters more precise color correction easier black-and-white conversion and more powerful cloning and healing tools breakthrough compositing with automatic layer alignment and blending capabilities easier selections and improved photomerge technology 3d and motion support with the ability to edit 3d content and incorporate it into 2d compositions paint and clone over multiple video frames and more comprehensive image analysis with new image measurement and counting tools adobe 999|star wars episode iii activity center jedi master obi-wan kenobi and his apprentice anakin skywalkers along with a cast of memorable characters from star wars: episode iii revenge of the sith turn your computer and printer into a home printing studio!  10.95
0|digital video and audio production book for vegas 7+dvd launch your video and audio skills to new heights with the digital video and audio production. newly revised for version 7 by the original authors this book puts the stunning capabilities of vegas software right where they belong: in your production arsenal! the eight logically organized modules contain almost 30 lessons and over 80 tasks that teach important concepts in a step-by-step fashion. over 100 private tutors further explain concepts explore related topics suggest helpful resources and share tips and power-user techniques. additionally we ve included quizzes and food-for-thought essay questions at the end of each module to solidify your knowledge. we ve also included a dvd-rom containing lesson files sample media and a complete vegas manual in .pdf format! sony pictures digital entertainment 49.35|abacus software s568 vietnam carrier ops fly from the deck of the legendary america's flagship the uss constellation where you'll experience the ultimate challenge in aviation. fly from the deck of the legendary america's flagship the uss constellation where you'll experience the ... abacus software 28.99
0|quake 4 (mac) quake 4 takes you back to the front as you fight against an unrelenting alien enemy. armed with advanced weaponry and vehicles and aided by an elite squad of marines you take the battle to the heart of the strogg home planet and become earth's only hope for victory. they're regrouping but with their planetary defenses ruined you have a chance to deliver a full and final assault. you are matthew kane an elite member of rhino squad and part of earth's next invasion wave. with the makron assumed dead your squad is taking part in an operation to take advantage of the disarray and mop up the rest of the enemy forces on the strogg planet. but your drop ship gets hit and comes down hard killing a large chunk of your squadmates at the opening of the game. from there you'll pull yourself up out of the muck and get down to business. aspyr media 39.99|01-ssc-6780 sonicwall email security transition from mailfrontier - license - 1 server 50 u sonicwall 01-ssc-6780 : usually ships in 24 hours : : today's businesses need robust yet simple e-mail threat protection that takes minutes not hours per week to manage.  519.03
0|namco museum 50th anniversary collection namco's museum 50th anniversary museum compiles some of the classic namco arcade games that defined gaming in the 1980s. go back in time and play classics like pac-man galaga dig dug and pole position. the new retro menu interface allows players to explore a virtual arcade hall where each of the game's classics will be standing in its original arcade form. the only difference is this time you don't need a pocket full of quarters! pole position - the milestone in racing games pole position ii - sequel to the original 4 real racetracks - fuji test suzuka and seaside rolling thunder - become secret agent albatross and rescue lelia blitz from the evil geldra bosconian - survive against an army of space stations while avoiding asteroids and other obstacles rally x - players drive around a maze while avoiding chasing cars laying smoke screens and collecting flags dragon spirit - control a powerful dragon through the air harness spells drop bombs and breath fire at enemies sky kid - control a bi-plane and avoid enemy planes using evasive loops while dropping bombs & shooting down other planes xevious - use a heavily armed fighter plane to destroy enemies and targets in the air and on the ground mappy - control mappy the police mouse as he dodges chasing cats to collect valuable items namco video games 19.99|filemover software utility ecost.com: filemover software utility from the utilities software department  21.1
0|learning quickbooks 2007 designed for new quickbooks users running either quickbooks pro 2007 or quickbooks premier 2007 (all versions) learning quickbooks for windows takes you step-by-step through the essentials of mastering quickbooks basics. highly qualified instructors teach you key tasks using real-life examples. now you can get an introduction to bookkeeping fundamentals--without all the technical jargon--and gain the confidence of knowing you're doing it right. features include an overview of bookkeeping basics and tutorials on how to set-up your data in quickbooks. you'll also learn essential quickbooks tasks like invoicing receiving payments and paying bills plus get instruction on how to generate reports and analyze trends. shortcuts tips and tricks for working faster in quickbooks are also provided. all in all you'll get three hours of training on two cds. intuit 39.95|individual software prm-rce resumemaker career edition resumemaker career edition prm-rce individual software individual software 34.99
0|microsoft asp net web matrix complex web programming is not usually considered a skill that non-programmers can pick up quickly - until now. by learning a few straightforward programming techniques and using the right tools plus this book non-programmers can create cool web applicat microsoft 30|microvision development webexpress webexpress gets you started with dozens of customizable templates so you can create professional looking web sites and be up on the web instantly. take orders right from your web site and sell products globally. post product information upcoming ...  57.52
0|corel dvd moviefactory 6.0 plus ulead dvd moviefactory 6 plus is the award-winning consumer dvd authoring package. it's the first consumer entry-level product to offer hd dvd burning capability. capture digital media from numerous sources to create artistic original-looking video and slideshow discs. its easy-to-use storyboard and timeline editing tools help you personalize titles music and other project elements. with the enhanced edit room users can polish camcorder footage for more professional home movies. dvd moviefactory 6 plus supports all of the latest industry formats -- import edit and convert hdv divx or avchd and output in hd dvd blu-ray or traditional dvd-video. it even has a complete set of tools for burning to cd dvd hd dvd and blu-ray disc. breathe new life into videos photos and create hollywood-style menu motion effects - ulead dvd moviefactory 6 plus does more than make it possible. it makes it easy. overlay frames and objects in different tracks make mixed-media clipshows by combining video clips and photos on the timeline capture and edit hdv as easily as working with standard dv auto subtitles - select video file name date time and exif (photo) data as a subtitle track rotate stretch and angle menu motion buttons to fit into frames or other background elements customize your slideshows with pan & zoom supports 16 - 9 widescreen pc monitors open and import hd dvd folders and burn them to disc secure burning - users can password-protect videos photos documents and any other data from unauthorized access output to hd dvd-r/rw & blu-ray corel 79.99|peachtree(r) compatible continuous checks-accounting for windows 8.0-2004 version compatible with peachtree(r) accounting for windows 8.0-2004 version software.continuous check size: 9 1/2in. x 7in..  91.59
0|quickbooks credit card processing kit 3.0 quickbooks credit card processing kit is the low-cost easy way to accept all major credit cards using your computer. it's a low-cost solution without long-term contracts or commitments. start accepting credit cards easily and inexpensively. there are no set-up fees no monthly minimum payments no terminals to lease or purchase and no long-term contracts. accept payments any time anywhere: process transactions from a pc with an internet connection or call for a voice authorization. accept all major credit cards: the quickbooks credit card processing kit is compatible with visa mastercard american express discover diners club/carte blanche and jcb. create customized estimates and invoices: easily enter payment data into the payments screen or sales receipts screens. bill your customers regularly and track payments: each month you'll receive a statement with your account activity. funds are usually released within two to three business days. 27/7/365 live support and intuit's satisfaction guarantee: call any to speak with a live support agent who can walk you through the process step-by-step. if you're not satisfied return the product within 60 days with a dated receipt for a full refund of the purchase price. intuit 39.95|laplink software pafglle104000p0rtpen - laplink everywhere v.4.0 retail edition remote management - complete product - remote management - complete product - pc laplink software pafglle104000p0rtpen : are you a mobile professional? do you work from home? or do you simply want the comfort of knowing that no matter where in the world you are you can access the contents of your pc? you've stumbled upon the ...  39.97
0|panda antivirus 2007 the panda antivirus 2007 makes protecting your computer as easy as possible because it automatically blocks and removes all types of viruses and spyware so you can surf the internet send and receive email play games download files chat online... and relax. plus its small and super-efficient so your computer runs faster! panda software 29.95|10568 hoyle puzzle & board games 2005 - complete package - 1 user - pc - cd - win encore software 10568 : usually ships in 24 hours : in stock : with old classics and new challenges there is something for every player with hoyle puzzle & board games.  14.51
0|norton internet security 2008 10 user stay protected from the latest online threats. norton internet security 2008 runs quietly in the background to detect and block today's complex threats and to protect your identity when you buy bank or browse online. the friendly and efficient product design helps minimize confusing security alerts and system slowdowns that can get in the way of your online experience. and if you need help an integrated online chat tool connects you to our support professionals so you have easy access to the answers you need. in addition to protection updates norton internet security provides new product features as available throughout your service subscription. norton internet security 2008 runs quietly in the background to detect and block today's complex threats and to protect your identity when you buy bank or browse online. stay protected from the latest online threats. norton internet security 2008 runs quietly in the background to detect and block today's complex threats and to protect your identity when you buy bank or browse online. key benefits blocks online identity theft--an extra layer of security protects when you buy bank or browse. detects and eliminates spyware--provides advanced protection against today's latest threats. removes viruses and internet worms--fast and quiet scans provide comprehensive automatic protection. protects against hackers--safeguards your computer with a smart firewall that automatically configures protection settings. includes full versions of the following products: norton antivirus norton personal firewall norton antispyware norton identity safe--new! norton antiphishing new features and enhancements--what's new norton identity safe keeps your personal information and your identity safe when you buy bank and browse online. enhanced performance lets you start scan and run faster so you can enjoy your online experience. get help fast with free online technical support via live chat and email all from within the product. optimized product design improves scan times and decreases impact on system startup and resource usage. sonar (symantec online network for advanced response) technology delivers behavior-based protection that can detect emerging spyware and viruses even before traditional signature-based definitions are available. stores and encrypts your passwords and other confidential data automatically filling it at your request to save time and protect it from being stolen by eavesdropping keystroke loggers. network security monitoring checks the status of your wireless network security maps connected devices and provides expert advice on managing your network security settings. start scan and run faster. improved performance delivers an enhanced online experience. norton antivirus: antivirus and antispyware protection rootkit detection and intrusion protection protects your computer by automatically detecting and removing spyware viruses trojan horses and internet worms. exchange files via email and instant messaging without worrying about receiving threats on your computer or spreading them to others. stays out of your way. runs quietly in the background without requiring you to respond to confusing security alerts. threat blocking technology quietly monitors system activities to stop most spyware viruses and worms before they can install and cause damage on your system. email and instant message scanning detects and removes infected attachments even if they're hidden in archives. rootkit detection finds and removes threats that are hidden deeply in the operating system. internet worm protection blocks an entire class of viruses spyware and worms with a single threat signature. thorough pre-installation scan cleans out spyware and virus infections that can obstruct ordinary protection. quick scan automatically runs on receipt of new definitions to help ensure protection against the latest threats. full system scan performs a deep scan of the system and hard drive to remove existing spyware viruses and other threats. norton identity safe: antiphishing web site authentication eavesdropping protection and confidential information management advanced phishing protection identifies and blocks fraudulent web sites designed to steal personal information. adds a layer of targeted real-time identity theft protection to prevent identity thieves from eavesdropping on your online shopping transactions and banking and brokerage sessions from login to logout. blocks hard-to-detect phishing sites by deeply analyzing web page elements for evidence of criminal activity. authenticates the web location and credentials of the most popular banking and shopping sites so you know you're dealing with the true site and not a fake. norton personal firewall: two-way firewall stay hidden when connected with a smart firewall that automatically configures protection settings. log on at home at a cafe or on the road and norton internet security automatically optimizes your security settings. two-way firewall blocks hackers from breaking into your computer and stops spyware from transmitting information. trust control automatically optimizes your protection settings based on the network--wired or wireless public or private--to which you're connected. additional features the norton add-on pack delivers optional solutions for you and your family including antispam and parental controls. connect with confidence knowing your protection is continuously updated for one year as new threats emerge. includes protection updates and new product features as available throughout the renewable service period. intrusion prevention shields newly discovered security holes in the operating system and applications to prevent viruses worms and hackers from entering through these vulnerabilities. includes one year of automatic definition updates new product features and access to updated versions of norton internet security throughout the life of your service subscription. symantec 199.99|symantec 10224076 sam for sgs 2.0.1-cd media pack sam for sgs 2.0.1-cd media pack 10224076 symantec symantec 17.99
0|punch! viacad 2d/3d punch! viacad 2d/3d is a new precision design program with features usually only found in much more expensive cad programs . with a state-of-the-art 2d/3d patent-pending user interface that seamlessly toggles between 2d and 3d and logicursor technology that thinks as you draw anticipating your moves precision design was never so easy. there are over 80 minutes of tutorial videos to help you get started. this windows version works with both windows xp and windows vista. curves / basic surfaces /basic solids / feature based/history tree /shelling blending local face editing translators - iges step sat dxf/dwg adobe illustrator 26k mechanical & aec part library video training punch! software free technical support punch! software 99|cluefinders 3rd grade adventures with adapt the exclusive adapt learning technology develops essential 3rd grade academic skills. kids will go on a thrilling jungle adventure. features: many educational activities where kids build math logical reasoning skills and much more! win/mac  9.95
0|before you know it - deluxe spanish edition for pc/mac before you know it spanish deluxe is the fastest and most effective way to learn spanish words and phrases. whether you're a beginner or a skilled speaker who needs to brush up you've got a full suite of tools for mastering a new language. in a few lessons you'll learn to understand and speak 1 000 common spanish words and 250 essential phrases. encore software 29.99|nnm ae 5000 7.51 win-s/w ltu network node manager advanced edition software is designed to manage any size complex switched network and to quickly pinpoint problems through sophisticated root-cause analysis. network node manager advanced edition provides a solid solution for ...  59742.89
0|123 movies 2 ipod w/ av cables umd size 123 movies 2 ipod enables you to copy any dvd in your collection to your ipod video. why download the itunes version if you already own the dvd? instead you can watch dvd movies on your ipod video. includes av cables. watch your movies on your ipod or get the ipod av cables and watch movies on your tv from your ipod bling 29.99|allume systems inc mediarecover mediarecover retrieves your lost photos audio and videos from your cameras pdas and cellular phone's removable memory devices. system requirements: microsoft windows xp or vista or macintosh os x 10.3.9 or higher universal binary. com  26.14
0|1pk internet sec ste 2007 oem 1pk internet sec ste 2007 oem consumer bndl w/hw 3u ca - oem 0|aspyr command and conquer generals deluxe mac system requirements: operating system: mac os x 10.2.8 or later cpu processor: powerpc g4 or later cpu speed: 1ghz or faster memory: 256 mb or higher hard disk space: 2.8gb free disk space video card (ati): radeon 7500 or better video card (nvidia): ...  55.99
0|steinberg sequel (pc or mac) music creation & performance software sequel is an affordable and easy-to-use music studio designed for first-time computer music enthusiasts. combining intuitive tools to record edit mix and perform music with great-sounding loops instruments and effects sequel is the perfect first step into music production and performance. sequel runs on both pcs and macs and comes with a massive library of more than 5000 loops over 600 of ready-to-play instrument sounds stunning effects and the same state-of-the-art audio engine that is preferred by many world-class producers all around the globe. it's never been more fun to create music on a computer! steinberg 129|microsoft 121-00324 - visual studio team suite 2005 with msdn premium subscriptions - complete product - software development - standard - 1 user(s) - complete product - english - pc- free shipping microsoft 121-00324 : design develop and test modern service-oriented solutions. team suite combines the visual studio team system role-based products into a set that address the needs of multifunctional roles in an organization. with visual ...  10015.97
0|adobe photoshop cs3 upgrade [mac] note: this is the upgrade version of adobe photoshop cs3. adobe photoshop cs3 upgrade software accelerates your path from imagination to imagery. ideal for photographers graphic designers and web designers the professional standard delivers new features such as automatic layer alignment and blending that enable advanced compositing. live filters boost the comprehensive nondestructive editing toolset for increased flexibility. and a streamlined interface and new timesaving tools make your work flow faster. boost your productivity with a streamlined interface. the loupe tool in adobe bridge cs3 lets you easily zoom into the fine detail of any image. the new overlay preview and clone source palette let you preview transform and precisely position cloned areas in a single fluid process. zoomify export allows you to efficiently display even the highest resolution imagery over low bandwidth web connections. work more productively take advantage of a wide range of improvements designed to boost your productivity. experience native performance on intel based and powerpc macs and on microsoft windows xp and windows vista systems. maximize your workspace with a streamlined interface process raw images with increased speed and quality and manage assets more efficiently in the revamped adobe bridge cs3. and enjoy complete compatibility with adobe photoshop lightroom software (sold separately) so the changes you make to an image in one product will automatically appear in the other. edit with unrivaled power the comprehensive image-editing toolset in photoshop cs3 lets you correct and enhance your images with unmatched creative control. experiment more freely with nondestructive filters. manage and correct color more easily and convert color images to rich black-and-white with one click. retouch images with more powerful cloning and healing tools. and count on higher fidelity conversion when you merge a series of exposures into a 32-bit high dynamic range (hdr) image. composite with breakthrough tools photoshop cs3 offers a wealth of features that make compositing multiple images easier than ever before. create more accurate composites with new tools that automatically align and blend layers or images based on similar content. make an image selection with one brush stroke. perfect any selection edge in an easy-to-use intuitive dialog box. and merge multiple photos into a panorama with superior results. product highlights boost your productivity with a streamlined interface enhancements to raw-image processing and asset management workflows and more. experience unrivaled editing power with nondestructive filters more precise color-correction controls and more powerful cloning and healing tools. easily create rich composites using new tools for automatically aligning and blending layers and making quick selections. audience benefit professional photographers--with adobe photoshop cs3 software you can perfect all of your images with nondestructive filters and more powerful color-correction cloning and healing tools and you can create sophisticated composites more easily than ever with breakthrough tools for automatically aligning and blending layers making quick selections and more. serious amateur photographers--adobe photoshop cs3 software delivers everything you need to edit images with professional-quality results and offers a simplified user interface that makes learning and working in the program easier. print and web designers--adobe photoshop cs3 software delivers unrivaled power to edit images breakthrough capabilities for creating sophisticated image composites and the ability to output your final files to a broad range of formats for print and the web. photography students and educators--from raw-image processing retouching and compositing to final image output professional-standard adobe photoshop cs3 software offers a powerful solution for digital photography workflows. work more productively efficient and flexible work environment streamlined interface and palette management maximize screen space for editing while keeping essential tools accessible. palettes are now arranged in convenient self-adjusting docks that can be widened to full size or narrowed to icons or even a thin self-revealing strip at the edge of your monitor. faster more flexible asset management with adobe bridge cs3 organize and manage images more efficiently with adobe bridge cs3 software which now delivers improved performance a filter panel for easier searching the ability to group multiple images under a single thumbnail the loupe tool offline image browsing and more. custom menus shortcuts and workspaces set up and save custom menus keyboard shortcuts and workspaces for quick access to what you need. streamlined workflow better raw image processing process raw images with increased speed and superior conversion quality using the adobe photoshop camera raw plug-in which now adds support for jpeg and tiff formats; new tools including fill light and dust busting; compatibility with adobe photoshop lightroom software; and support for over 150 camera models. enhanced pdf support work more easily with adobe pdf-based content. precisely control the size of pdf pages opened in photoshop; add security controls and metadata such as copyright and exposure details to images within pdf presentations; and create a richer image display in pdf presentations and documents. adobe photoshop lightroom support jump from photoshop lightroom software to photoshop cs3 in one click for advanced editing of your digital photos. lightroom (sold separately) offers an efficient powerful way to import manage and present large volumes of digital images. improved printing experience experience better control over print quality with color management a larger print preview window and more controls in one place so you can print in fewer steps. improved printing controls co-developed by adobe and hp make printing easier and more predictable and streamline setup options via integration with select printers from hp epson and canon. presets make sophisticated color adjustments automatically with one-click presets in curves the channel mixer and the new black and white conversion dialog box. peak performance experience native performance on intel and powerpc based macintosh computers and on microsoft windows xp and windows vista systems. automated production automate common production tasks in a variety of ways. set up event-based scripts record a series of steps as an action for efficient batch processing and design repetitive graphics faster with variables. history palette and edit history log undo and redo any set of editing steps in an open image with the history palette and automatically track all editing steps within your files with the edit history log. export steps to a text file or save them as part of image metadata for easier documentation of your work file audits and more. wide range of supported formats import and export a wide range of file formats including psd bmp cineon jpeg jpeg2000 openexr png targa and tiff. adobe device central cs3 create compelling mobile content such as wallpapers and screensavers and then visually preview how it will render on mobile devices using the built-in adobe device central cs3. tune your designs for mobile screen sizes and lighting conditions. zoomify export for high-resolution web display take advantage of adobe flash and zoomify technology to export high-resolution images to the web for viewing through adobe flash player software. flash player displays your image quickly and efficiently letting viewers zoom in on details with minimal delay. third-party solutions and resources take advantage of a wealth of additional resources--including software plug-ins books and training--from the longstanding community of expert photoshop developers authors and trainers. auto-align layers can automatically connect a series of photos into a panorama (left). auto-blend layers can then seamlessly blend lighting and texture to complete the perfect composite image (right). edit with unrivaled power maximize screen space for editing while keeping essential tools accessible. faster performance highest quality conversion and new lighting controls are some of the new hallmarks of camera raw in photoshop cs3. simple intuitive point-and-click monochrome conversion is yours with the new black and white adjustment. the new print interface in photoshop cs3 gathers all of the options you need in one easier-to-use dialog box. nondestructive editing smart filters add adjust and remove filters from an image without having to resave the image or start over to preserve quality. nondestructive smart filters allow you to visualize changes without altering original pixel data. smart objects perform nondestructive scaling rotating and warping of raster and vector graphics with smart objects. even preserve the editability of vector data from adobe illustrator software. professional color and tone control color-correction enhancements take advantage of precision color correction made faster and easier. brightness/contrast now provides better results from the same intuitive interface and enhanced curves controls let you make automatic adjustments with included presets or those you create; convert to black-and-white with point sliders; and use a histogram color channel lines and a clipping preview. black-and-white conversion easily convert color images to rich black-and-white and adjust tonal values and tints with a new tool. experiment with the included black-and-white presets or create and save your own custom presets to achieve the best results. improved channel mixer take advantage of new functionality and a host of presets that make the channel mixer easier to use for black-and-white conversion. enhanced 32-bit high dynamic range (hdr) support create and edit 32-bit images and combine multiple exposures into a single 32-bit image that preserves the full range of a scene--from the deepest shadows to the brightest highlights. new image processing and alignment algorithms deliver superior results. intelligent image editing and enhancement more powerful cloning and healing tools experience greater control when retouching images with cloning tools and the healing brush. see source pixels under your tool or brush for more precise positioning; preview changes to source content live; and set multiple source points scale and rotate in the new clone source palette. rich painting and drawing toolset create or modify images with a wide assortment of professional fully customizable paint settings artistic brushes and drawing tools. enhanced vanishing point take perspective-based editing to a new level with the enhanced vanishing point which lets you create multiple planes in an image connect them at any angle and then wrap graphics text and images around them to create packaging mock-ups and more. composite with breakthrough tools easy compositing and selecting advanced compositing create more accurate composites by automatically aligning multiple photoshop layers or images based on similar content. the auto-align layers command quickly analyzes details and moves rotates or warps layers to align them perfectly and the auto-blend layers command blends the color and shading to create a smooth editable result. improved photomerge technology take advantage of refined photomerge technology which uses new layer-alignment and layer-blending capabilities to let you automatically stitch horizontal or vertical photos into seamless panoramas. quick selection and refine edge tools make selections in a snap. loosely draw on an image area and the quick selection tool automatically completes the selection for you. then fine-tune your selections with the refine edge tool. flexible layers composite images text and effects on hundreds of layers for extraordinarily sophisticated results. organize layers with up to five levels of nesting and save in different combinations as layer comps. which edition of photoshop cs3 is right for you? photoshop cs3 is available in two editions--photoshop cs3 and photoshop cs3 extended--to meet the diverse needs of professionals in a wide range of fields. adobe photoshop cs3 adobe photoshop cs3 extended builds on photoshop cs2 with dozens of improvements increased productivity with a streamlined interface camera raw enhancements next-generation adobe bridge cs3 and zoomify export unrivaled editing power with live filters more precise color correction easier black-and-white conversion and more powerful cloning and healing tools breakthrough compositing with automatic layer alignment and blending capabilities easier selections and improved photomerge technology 3d and motion support with the ability to edit 3d content and incorporate it into 2d compositions paint and clone over multiple video frames and more comprehensive image analysis with new image measurement and counting tools adobe 199|microsoft money 2007 premium (pc) key features: track investments set financial goals free offers ...  79.99
0|family tree maker 11.2 collector's edition whether you're an avid family historian or a complete novice family tree maker collectible edition version 11.2 will help you create detailed family trees books web sites reports and more. fill them with personal photos and family memorabilia. record your information now so you can pass on a treasured legacy in the future! encore 109.95|mz24a0075 emc insignia retrospect multi server - ( v. 7.5 ) - upgrade package - unlimited emc2 mz24a0075 : usually ships in 24 hours : in stock : emc retrospect is automated reliable cost-effective backup and recovery software for small and medium business (smbs) the distributed enterprise and home offices.  502.04
0|south park chef's luv shack chef takes on the role of game show host in a wild multiplayer match featuring all your favorite south park characters! compete with your friends in dozens of minigames that test your south park gaming skills! it's no mystery why they call south park: chef's luv shack the greatest party game ever! is there anything this game doesn't do? in addition to being a really fun and surprisingly challenging trivia contest this game features well over a dozen minigames that draw upon some of the greatest gaming genres ever created. acclaim 39.95|encore software 12441 - encore spongebob squarepants typing fun - time management encore software 12441 : spongebob may be squishy but his typing skills are on the way to becoming rock solid brought to you by the typing experts at mavis beacon now young typists can dive right into the only step-by-step keyboarding program thats ...  17.97
0|window washer window washer (win 98 me 2000 xp) navarre (software) 29.95|garmin bluechart micro sd xpc023r new zealand xpc023r covers: includes both the north and south islands' coasts in their entirety; also includes the three kings islands to the northwest the auckland islands and campbell island to the southwest and the antipodes islands and the bounty islands ...  123.18
0|individual small business advantage deluxe 2006 with small business advantage deluxe 2006 is a complete set of marketing tools for entrepreneurs & small business owners. it's the primary tool for anyone looking to fund or expand a new or existing business opportunity. individual 49.99|specialty double window envelopes to match your forms & checks address shows through to save you time!just fold your form insert and mail. the recipients address shows right through the window.sturdy 24-lb. white wove stock ensures safe arrival of the contents.quantity. comes in boxes of 500.window layouts: ...  67.49
0|neuratron photoscore professional 4  sibelius software ltd. 199.99|bob dylan bob dylan - isong cd-rom (jewel case-sized edition) isong is the only teaching tool that actually syncs to the original recordings of legendary musicians and today's top stars! each isong pack includes arrangements ranging from very simple to note-accurate transcriptions a performance video and a ...  18.5
0|reel deal casino shuffle master edition reel deal casino shuffle master edition is packed with the hot casino games -- master them and become a high roller! phantom efx 19.99|encyclopedia britannica profiles: dinosaurs! what makes dinosaurs so interesting? click your way through the evolution of dinosaurs in an interactive timeline. comprehensive and engaging it's the one source for all ages on this captivating subject. also includes a dinosaur family tree.  8.95
0|leave the lights on (mac) the leave the lights on pack is a triple-shot of creepy fun that will have you playing until you're scared to go to bed! aspyr media 9.99|wiley publications book: photoshop cs for dummies photoshop software book: photoshop cs for dummies by deke mcclelland phyllis davis photoshop cs for dummies covers the main features of photoshop - the industry standard software package for image creation correction and enhancement explores the essentials: menu bar ...  24.95
0|northstar for pc/mac northstar (win 98 me nt 2000 xp/mac 10.3.8 or later intel) true north technology inc. 99.99|jim beloff homespun the joy of uke - vol. 1 & 2 dvd set both dvds in one great collection!  36.67
0|cadopia 6 standard edition by cadopia cadopia 6 standard edition win xp 2k nt 4.0 global marketing partners 295|topics entertainment instant play guitar deluxe v2.0   31.06
0|world of warcraft for the first time players can experience the lands of warcraft's azeroth from a new in-depth perspective. as heroes they explore familiar battlefields discover new lands and take on epic quests and challenges in blizzard's massively multiplayer online role-playing game. blizzard has taken care to make the game accessible and fun both for hard-core 60-hour-a-week players and for more casual adventurers. blizzard entertainment 19.99|print master platinum v17 overview if youve got a passion for creative self-expression youll find endless inspiration in this sophisticated easy-to-use program. enjoy all of the great features you expect from printmaster plus brilliant new upgrades that make personal ...  29.9
0|calendar creator platinum sb cs by riverdeep calendar creator platinum new for 2007 is the 1 best selling calendar software program. choose from 500 templates of daily planners weekly organizers and calendars. included printmaster greeting cards bonus million image club. encore software 29.99|findex.com inc sermon builder 4.0 sermon builder 4.0 includes everything you need to create punctuated sermons comprehensive lessons and in-depth bible studies. it gives you access to any verse word or topic in the bible and over 50000 related articles. system requirements:  43.33
0|sims 2 glamour life stuff pack in the sims 2: glamour life you'll give your sims a life of glamour and luxury. live the high life with 60 new items including pop-art paintings sectional sofas a high-end stereo fur coats and more. your sims work hard so reward them with luxurious furniture fashionable clothing and extravagant dcor items. create lavish homes furnished with the finest modern bedroom living room and dining room sets. turn heads in the neighborhood as your sims show off elegant gowns red carpet formalwear and cool casual styles at their next big soire. aspyr media 24.99|math missions: the amazing arcade adventure (grades 3-5) save spectacle city by disrupting randall underling's plan to drive all the stores out of business and take over the city. solve real-world math challenges in the uniquely entertaining stores and make theme successful again.  12.95
0|jaws jaws is a new kind of 3rd-person adventure where you become the deadly ocean predator from the classic movies. driven mad by low-frequency radio waves you'll eliminate the oil drilling crews and their equipment that are responsible for the frenzy-causing emissions. armed with 3000 teeth and powered by 5000 pounds of muscle you will hunt down and annihilate your enemies in an accurate undersea world. over 25 points of disconnection allowing characters and objects to be torn apart by jaws piece by piece follow story-based missions enounter side missions or roam the island area causing havoc majesco entertainment 19.99|individual software prm-rce resumemaker career edition resumemaker career edition prm-rce individual software individual software 34.99
0|final draft 7/syd field's screenwriting workshop dvd bundle  final draft 249.99|computer associates babwbr1151s05 bab r11.5 sp1 dro win m/l cd bab r11.5 sp1 dro win m/l cd  431.16
0|stomp inc drive washer drive washer keeps you from being vulnerable to the dangers of identity theft. even if you are simply reassigning your computer to another user or giving it to a friend your private data may be compromised. don't just think you've removed all those sensiive files - use drive washer and be sure. stomp inc 0|32179 kid pix deluxe home edition - ( v. 4 ) - complete package - 1 user - cd - win m encore software 32179 : usually ships in 24 hours : in stock : kid pix deluxe 4 home edition has all the creative functionality one would expect from selecting from an array of art mediums (paint watercolor airbrush pencil crayon marker chalk ...  14.51
0|hp digital sending secure - license - 50 users - std capture process and route stacks of paper-based documents into digital formats quickly simply and reliably. extend the sending capability of your hp multifunction product with digital sending software (dss). hewlett packard 0|wg4110 watchguard vpn manager - upgrade package - 10 nodes - cd - win - english watchguard technologies wg4110 : usually ships in 24 hours : : watchguard vpn manager provides centralized management and monitoring tools for larger organizations with multiple fireboxes.  1235.07
0|refviz v2 mac single user refviz v2 mac single user isi researchsoft 299.95|adobe cs3 design standard upgrade system requirements powerpc g4 or g5 or intel core processor mac os x v10.4.8 java runtime environment 1.5 1gb ram 5.3gb free hard-disk space (additional space required during installation) 1024 x 768 display resolution with 16-bit video card ...  413.99
0|ca arcserve bkup r11.5 win agent mac os x - upgrade prod only arcserve bkup r11.5 win agent mac os x - upg-v prod only computer associates 0|prosoft engineering data rescue universal license do you have a corrupt hard drive or one that no longer mounts? are other tools failing to even recognize your bad drive? did you accidently delete pictures from your digital camera? data rescue is the best data recovery utility on the market for re  236.34
0|obscure obscure takes the survival-horror gaming you love and sets it in a teenage horror film. tortured screams echo through leafmore high's deserted corridors. faceless creatures lurk in the shadows. five teenagers set out to bring light into the darkness - and experience a night that will scar their souls forever. dreamcatcher interactive 19.99|panda software bus sec 2006 w/ truprevent 251-500 3yr - b3pbsa6e-edu   38
0|broderbund printmaster platinum 16.0 break new ground in printcreativity!product information creative satisfaction starts here! satisfy your hunger for all things artistic with the latest in creativitysoftware! thousands of additional images and projects make p encore software 39.99|filemaker server 8 option pack   1399
0|micromat protogo protogo turns your old portable drives or ipods into a bootable diagnostic device. quickly load up micromat's most powerful tools or any of your own utilities. select the device select the desired profile and then press a single button -- protogo will format and configure the device and then install all of the system files and tools you'll need. you can even load up a full-blown mac os x installation including a finder classic and multiple utility programs. protogo includes several profiles for standard system/utility configurations so that you can easily set up a device for your particular needs. rebuild volume directories boot different mac os versions recover data from damaged volumes repartition your drives without losing data run all kinds of utilities system requirements - macintosh capable of running mac os x 10.4 or above / mac os x 10.4 or greater / dvd-rom drive / 512 mb ram or greater / 2 gb or larger target device like an older ipod or other external media device micromat 0|transfer my dvd avanquest usa key features: dvds and movies on your ipod for video ipods...  29.95
0|instant immersion italian 2.0 instant immersion version 2.0 moves you from a beginner to an intermediate speaker with a 5 cd-rom course of study. topics entertainment 29.99|personal record keeper 5.0 provides a place for all your records whether you're hoarding frequent flyer miles or itemizing your pez-dispenser collection. get all of your paperwork organized.  8.95
0|imsi resume writer deluxe [lb] write the perfect resume!product informationresume writer deluxe is a powerful and cost-effectivedo-it-yourself resume-creation and management program. no matterwhat your job search situation is resume writer deluxe places at your disposalth imsi design 19.95|freeverse software 4001 northland stand-alone real-time strategy game based on viking mythology description: stand-alone real-time strategy game based on viking mythology.game features:single player campaign with 8 missions including several sub missions. the exciting plots tells ... freeverse software 19.99
0|omnioutliner professional 3.0  csdc 69.95|josh white homespun video the guitar of josh white the legendary josh white (1914-1969) is widely considered to be one of the most influential blues and folk artists of all time celebrated in 1998 with a commemorative us postage stamp. josh white jr. an accomplished actor singer and teacher ...  22.13
0|hoyle card games 2007 with over 75 card games from classic games like cribbage to new favorites like online texas holdem hoyle card games has something for everyone. featuring solitaire plus the official hoyle rulebook with an additional bonus of 16 black jack games. shuffle the deck and deal yourself some fun! encore software 19.99|human body 360 megasystems key features: anatomy atlas medical dictionary ...  29.99
0|photoshop elements 5 and premiere elements 3 bundle win minibox (29180248) - marketing information: photoshop elements 5.0 plus premiere elements 3.0 software combines two powerful yet easy-to-use products to deliver the most complete photo and video editing solution. entertain friends with unique cinematic slide shows and dramatic freeze-frame effects create personalized dvds and easily share on the web. product information - software sub type: multimedia authoring - software name: photoshop elements v.5.0 plus premiere elements v.3.0 - complete product - features and benefits: combine photos and videos in entertaining new ways: - put photo slide shows in motion - do more with individual video frames - include treasured memories in your videos bring out the best in your photos: - instantly fix common flaws or perform advanced editing - show photos in creative entertaining ways - easily find and view your photos and video clips bring your home videos to life: - get started quickly creating home videos and dvds - wow your audience with amazing effects - share your videos virtually anywhere - language support: international english - platform support: pc license information - license type: complete product - license pricing: standard - license quantity: 1 user miscellaneous - compatibility: adobe premiere elements import/export formats supported: - mpeg-1 - mpeg-2 - mpeg-4 - h.264 - dv - avi - windows media - quicktime - jvc everio mod (import only) - 3gp - asf (import only) - wav - wma (import only) - dolby - digit adobe 242.62|agatha christie: and then there were none agatha christies world-famous novel and then there were none is brought to the pc with all of its original baffling suspense! 10 people strangers to each other are invited to a lavish estate on an island. through a recording their mysterious ...  29.99
0|network now! pro by encore automatically install & configure any home networkautomatically detects and installs pcs routers printers peripheralsenables you to drag and drop hardware into any roomshare network resources for convenience & efficiencyprinters internet connection and other peripherals can be shared instantlyprint from any pc in your homephotos music files and other data shared easily with friends and familytroubleshoot & automatically fix network problemsmonitor each component in your home networkwhen failure detected application will notify user and automatically resolve problemprotect network and data from intruders:complete wireless security protection to prevent foreign computers from accessing your network and data. encore software 39.99|solid gold featuring ez play today notation. turbo music (software). general midi software. book & disk package. 9x12 inches. 48 pages. published by turbo music. you're the star! packs include fully-orchestrated accompaniments on disk for each song in the ...  29.95
0|broderbund printmaster platinum 16.0 break new ground in printcreativity!product information creative satisfaction starts here! satisfy your hunger for all things artistic with the latest in creativitysoftware! thousands of additional images and projects make p encore software 39.99|cosmi print perfect clip art deluxe super fast shipping - platinum reseller ratings - over 12 years in business  6.99
0|detto move2mac usb move2mac is a complete solution for moving information from pc to mac -- all your music photos files and folders are moved easily! detto technologies inc 71.31|29500244 adobe creative suite 3 design premium - product upgrade package - 1 user - upgra adobe systems 29500244 : usually ships in 24 hours : in stock : adobe creative suite 3 design premium software is the designer's dream toolkit for print web and interactive and mobile publishing.  1687.48
0|sims 2 glamour life stuff pack in the sims 2: glamour life you'll give your sims a life of glamour and luxury. live the high life with 60 new items including pop-art paintings sectional sofas a high-end stereo fur coats and more. your sims work hard so reward them with luxurious furniture fashionable clothing and extravagant dcor items. create lavish homes furnished with the finest modern bedroom living room and dining room sets. turn heads in the neighborhood as your sims show off elegant gowns red carpet formalwear and cool casual styles at their next big soire. aspyr media 24.99|sage (ptree) premium accounting for manufacturing 2007 multi-user peachtree by sage premium accounting for manufacturing 2007 multi-user value pack provides 5-named user access with screen-level access control advanced accounting and analysis tools and manufacturing-specific reports. premium features include ...  1180.37
0|microsoft licenses sps extrnlconnnonemplyenglands c (h3200034) microsoft sps external connector non emply english license and software assurance pack open license program level c 400 points microsoft licenses 101515.55|j8779a hp procurve manager plus - ( v. 2.0 ) - upgrade license - unlimited devices - wi hp j8779a : usually ships in 24 hours : : pcm+ 2.  2270.06
0|the movies (mac) the movies answers a question that many of us have had: what if you were in charge of a movie studio? imagine if you could make any movie you wanted any way you wanted. would you create epic action films? campy b-movies? you can make it big in hollywood by building the ultimate movie studio. choose the scripts control budgets design & build sets and settle into the director's chair and see if you can make a hit. once you've created your box-office smashes you can even watch them -- adding your own voiceovers and saving them to your hard drive or publishing to a web site. feral interactive 49.95|nero mix cd recording software imagine being able to record and backup cds at the touch of a button. imagine turning your hard drive into a computer music jukebox with easy-to-create playlists breath-taking 3d-visualizations and a professional 20-band equalizer. imagine being ...  41.42
0|stuffit deluxe v 10.0 (mac) stuffit deluxe 10 is the latest version of this innovative data compression access and management tool for mac os x. this release includes patent pending jpeg compression technology allowing users to compress jpeg images and photos up to 30% with no loss in image quality. the only previous solution available for those looking to reduce the size of jpeg images was to further reduce the quality of the image. stuffit's jpeg compression technology provides a new solution that offers smaller files without any penalty of reduced picture clarity. the product also allows users to view thumbnails for archived jpeg images without requiring them to decompress the archive. stuffit deluxe also offers new features that seamlessly integrate with mac os x 10.4 tiger. the included spotlight importer allows spotlight to index file names for items stored inside stuffit zip and tar archives. when the user performs a search spotlight will now list all the archives on the user's computer that contain files that match the search terms. stuffit deluxe 10 also includes support for tiger' s new automator scripting tool allowing users to compress and expand stuffit zip and tar archives as part of their automator workflows. smith micro software 79.99|serverlock manager - 100 servers in order to confidently conduct e-commerce your business assets must be absolutely secure. the watchguard serverlock system assures the integrity of your inter-networking operations by protecting your operating system and mission-critical data from ...  56543.88
0|hp storageworks secure path for windows workgroup edition - ( v. 4.0c ) - license ( 213076-b26 ) license - - 1 user(s) - standard - pc hewlett packard 0|wg3605 watchguard mobile user vpn - complete package - 5 users - cd - win - english - t watchguard technologies wg3605 : usually ships in 24 hours : : watchguard remote user vpn provides your traveling employees and telecommuters with a secure connection to your corporate network.  290.68
0|rainbow fish and the whale (win/mac) a tender amazing adventure based on marcuspfister&rsquo;s bestselling children&rsquo;s bookproduct informationrainbow fish lived happily in the deep ocean until one day when thewhale fell victim to a bad case of the hiccups and accidentally swallowedrainb global software publishing 9.99|microsoft r39-00292 open win svr 2003 ext conn open win svr 2003 ext conn  1863.78
0|zonealarm anti-spyware 1 year protection zonealarm's powerful anti-spyware protection stops spyware before it gets on your pc. it also scans for and removes spyware already on it and offers extra protection from dangerous spyware websites. it combines the robust security features computer experts demand with automatic functions that make it simple enough for novices to use. delivers proactive firewall protection with multiple layers of security that stop inbound outbound and program attacks while remaining completely invisible to hackers guards the network perimeter from inbound and outbound threats with the world's 1 firewall prevents spyware and other malicious programs from sending your personal information across the internet automatically makes your computer invisible to anyone on the internet protects your programs from malware smartdefense advisor automatically adjusts your security settings for maximum protection against the latest virus and spyware outbreaks includes defensenet an early warning system that gathers data from the zone labs user community on the latest spyware and malware outbreaks leverages this vast user knowledge by including it in signature updates that protect your pc from the latest spyware attacks system requirements - windows 2000 pro/xp / pentium iii 450 mhz or higher. 50mb of available hard disk space. internet access. minimum system ram - 64mb (2000 pro) 128mb (xp) vista compatible zone labs 29.99|encore software 14120 - jeopardy jc - win 98 me 2000 xp encore software 14120 : get ready to test your knowledge in the pc version of america's favorite quiz show. just like the television show select a category and a money value to reveal the hidden clue. come up with the correct response and you win ...  7.69
0|sea scene: living underwater worlds (jewel case) bring the serenity of the ocean to your pc! product information enjoy the beauty and serenity of a virtual aquarium so real you will think you're underwater. the lifelike marine habitats and amazing 3d modeled fish will take your breath away. it features 20 exotic 3d fish with realistic and tranquil backgrounds. watch your screen turn into an underwater scene! product features import pictures of yourself or your kids as screen backgrounds and 'swim' with the fish! view five amazingly realistic and tranquil backgrounds. includes 20 exotic realistic 3d fish that swim across your screen. select your favorite seabed or aquarium living water environments. feed your pet fish and even watch them react to mouse taps on your screen. make your own custom aquatic paradise right on your pc! windows requirements windows 98 me xp pentium ii 400mhz processor or faster processor 64mb of ram 30mb hard drive space 800x600 16-bit screen resolution cd-rom drive valusoft 9.99|910443-004-g onweb web-to-host - ( v. 5.1 ) - upgrade license - 1 user - volume - level g ( 3 netmanage 910443-004-g : usually ships in 24 hours : : onweb web-to-host gives diverse users secure browser-based access to host applications.  60.44
0|cubase 4 competitive crossgrade thinking of switching from your program to cubase 4? competitive crossgrades* are a good way to switch to a new program without having to pay full price. if you own a qualifying competitors product you can upgrade/switch to another manufacturers competitive edition for a good discount. (competitive crossgrades contain the same software as standard packages.) steinberg (yamaha) 549.99|emedia music corp guitar pro v 5.1 (hybrid) guitar pro is a complete workshop for guitarists at an affordable price. guitar pro is known as the most powerful and intuitive tablature editor available. system requirements: windows 98se/2000/xp: pentium 500mhz - 256 meg ram - sound card cd-  51.92
0|my sim aquarium my sim aquarium has all the simulated fish and fish tank accessories you need to turn your monitor into a gorgeous fish tank. viva media 19.99|quickbooks(r) point of sale 2007: basic retail management 6.0 bundle quickbooks point of sale 2007: basic retail management 6.0 a hardware and software package turns any pc into a cash register. this easy-to-use retail management software replaces your cash register tracks all of your inventory sales and customer ...  1499.99
0|printmaster gold v 17.0 printmaster gold 17 gives creative home users a chance to get creative & use their imaginations. everything from a bridal shower invitation to youth soccer league rosters can be made quickly and easily. encore software 19.99|vmware infrastructure enterprise edition - product upgrade license vmware infrastructure enterprise edition - product upgrade license - 2 processors - upgrade from starter edition - linux win nw  5173.98
0|cyberchase adventures: carnival chaos and casablanca quest cyberchase adventures: carnival chaos/casablanca quest makes learning about math and measurement fun for children. kids will learn by example as they watch the kids of cyberchase use their knowledge to save lives every day! ages 8 & up brighter minds media inc. 19.99|cyberchase adventures by brighter minds macintosh minimum system requirements: os 8.6 - 9.2.2 200mhz powerpc 64mb free ram 20mb free hard drive space 4x cd-rom drive 16-bit color video mouse or other pointing device quicktime 5 to 6.5  19.99
0|boomerang webpage designer gold webpage designer gold offers you the most in web authoring system software. includes the latest and newest features in web authoring and design. creating an informational web site has never been easier! maximize your web presence potential be limited by only your imagination. it's got everything you need for website creation management and publishing! boomerang 0|apple ilife '06 family pack software av production software ilife '06 family pack software with iphoto 6 imovie hd 6 idvd 6 garageband 3 and iweb - five client license ilife '06 (family pack) the must-have update to apple's award-winning suite of digital lifestyle applications delivers major upgrades to ...  99
0|ca antivirus 2007 anti-virus 2007 is the latest antivirus protection for your home and home office pc. take comfort while you're online -- you'll be defended by a tool that offers complete virus protection. secure your pc against thousands of computer viruses worms and trojan-horse programs. it's your all-in-one tool for complete protection detection and elimination of online threats. vista compatible computer associates 39.95|steinberg nuendo 3 music production software nuendo 3 professional media production system for mac and windows special offer nuendo 3 from steinberg is a multi-track recording/editing software package designed to serve the needs for everyone producing sound for film television video or games. ...  1999.99
0|essential business tools 2.0 everything you need to start and run a company. from launch - business plans start-up financing business structures and 25 000 business cards. to everyday success - 500+ business forms and letters managing finances human resources accounting brochure invoice and letterhead printing and pop-up ad blocking. ensure the long term success of your business! valusoft 19.99|corel ulead dvd moviefactory 6 software for windows authoring software dvd moviefactory 6 software for windows the dvd moviefactory 6 software for windows from corel ulead allows you to create and burn dvd discs on your home computer. you'll be able to copy and edit dvd discs and print disc labels. dvd menu templates ...  49.95
0|clifford the big red dog - thinking adventures build skills on your way to clifford's big party!product informationclifford the bit red dog may be big and red but as far as he's concerned he'sjust like any other dog. that's why when clifford tries to do what other dogsdo things can get a little out of scholastic 9.99|estimating software-intensive systems: projects products and processes many software projects fail because their leaders don t know how to estimate schedule or measure them accurately. fortunately proven tools and techniques exist for every facet of software estimation. estimating software-intensive systems brings ...  59.99
0|civilization iv warlords (mac) sid meier's civilization iv: warlords is the first expansion pack for the firaxis games' award-winning title civilization iv. paying homage to some of history's greatest military leaders the expansion delivers eight unique and interesting scenarios giving players the chance to change the course of history with the help of their new powerful ?warlord? unit. civilization iv: warlords includes new civilizations leaders units and wonders that offer even more fun and exciting ways for players to expand their civilization's military power as they strive for world domination. leader traits - in addition to the many existing leader traits in civilization iv two new leader traits accompany the expansion. new wonders - there will be three new awe-inspiring wonders all contributing new benefits and culture to your civilization. unique buildings - players will now be able to construct buildings unique to each civilization. units resources & improvements - many new items not available in the core game will be introduced in the new scenarios core game tweaks and additions - expanded features and gameplay tweaks will be made to the core game requires the full version of civilization iv for mac os x to play requires operating system - mac os x 10.3.9 or later with powerpc g5 or intel running at 1.8 ghz or faster aspyr media 29.99|mas 90(r) /mas 200(r) compatible continuous forms compatible with mas 90(r) and mas 200(r) software.  178.99
0|irispen express translator the irispen express translator is the fastest and most accurate pen scanner on the market! it's been redesigned to be lighter more compact and more ergonomically correct. you hold it like a highlighter - just slide the pen over the printed text. the usb-powered scanning pen easily connects to your laptop or desktop company. with an accuracy rate of over 99% the irispen express is the perfect tool for home business or school! scans wavy and distorted images programmable pen buttons - easily assign keyboard commands to the 2 pen buttons (enter space tab cursor up etc.) idle mode reduces power consumption powered by usb port - no need for external power supply directly connect to a pc notebook pocket pc tablet pc and macintosh devices iris 149.99|drive washer 2005 overview do you need to permanently remove all the data from your hard drive? if you are selling donating giving away or disposing of your computer you are vulnerable to identity theft. even if you are simply reassigning your computer to another ...  24.99
0|adobe illustrator cs3 upgrade [mac] note: this is the upgrade version of adobe illustrator cs3. adobe illustrator cs3 upgrade software allows you to efficiently create sophisticated vector artwork for virtually any medium. access tools quickly and easily explore color variations and share files seamlessly between illustrator and other adobe professional applications as you prepare content for print web and interactive and mobile and motion designs. efficiently create sophisticated vector artwork for virtually any medium. explore new paths with the essential vector tool produce vector artwork for all types of media using adobe illustrator cs3. discover dynamic new ways to explore apply and control color variations; work faster with new drawing tools and controls; and increase your efficiency using new document profiles and the crop area tool. take your graphics to the printed page websites video mobile devices and virtually everywhere you want to go. see for yourself how illustrator cs3 lets you explore new paths. use powerful precise creative tools quickly explore multiple design options with the powerful precise creative features in illustrator cs3. industry-standard drawing tools new color controls and a wealth of powerful effects enable greater creative productivity and the ability to easily experiment. use new live color to explore color harmonies and interactively apply color to any selection of objects. work faster by controlling path editing and point alignment in the control panel. and enhance your artwork with professional typography and transparent effects. work quickly and intuitively efficiently execute your ideas in illustrator cs3. with easier access to tools and options flexible and customizable workspaces and a wealth of timesaving features and shortcuts you can speed through design and production tasks. the enhanced control panel frees up screen space and puts more options at your fingertips while new document profiles provide a launch pad for video and other designs. whatever your final output destination you can create your artwork quickly and easily in illustrator cs3. enjoy tight integration streamline your design workflows by moving easily between illustrator cs3 and other adobe applications. leverage robust integration with adobe flash software for your web animations and preview mobile artwork in adobe device central cs3. use your vector designs as the basis of dvd menus titles and visual effects by moving them easily between illustrator and adobe motion and effects applications. and create reliable adobe pdf files with multiple pages and layers intact for high-quality printed output. audience benefit graphic designers--adobe illustrator cs3 software lets you create compelling vector graphics that remain sharp as you scale edit and output them to virtually any medium. instantly convert bitmaps to vector artwork paint intuitively explore color variations design with advanced typographic control and easily find the tools you need. rely on industry-standard drawing tools and tight integration with adobe photoshop cs3 adobe flash cs3 professional adobe indesign cs3 and other favorite applications to quickly realize your ideas. web and interactive designers--adobe illustrator cs3 software gives you the power to create compelling interactive vector graphics for rich online experiences. tight integration with adobe photoshop cs3 and adobe flash cs3 professional software enables you to easily design layouts and comps using industry-standard creative tools and then smoothly move files between applications for efficient authoring workflows to produce vector graphics that look sharp remain editable and go virtually anywhere. motion graphics and visual effects designers--adobe illustrator cs3 software delivers the tools you need to produce innovative motion graphics and visual effects. integration with adobe after effects cs3 professional adobe premiere pro cs3 and adobe encore cs3 software means you can use small efficient vector files as the foundation for your designs and a wealth of industry-standard drawing tools let you explore creative possibilities with ease. whether you create dvd menus or music videos station identities or special effects illustrator cs3 is an affordable efficient and powerful post-production tool. new in adobe illustrator cs3 live color explore apply and control color variations using live color which lets you select any artwork and interactively edit the colors to see results immediately. use the color guide panel to quickly choose tints shades or harmonious color combinations. adobe flash integration import native adobe illustrator files into flash cs3 professional or copy and paste artwork from illustrator to flash with paths anchor points gradients clipping masks and symbols intact. layers groups and object names are also preserved. drawing tools and controls draw in illustrator more quickly and fluidly than ever. easier and more flexible anchor point selection improved operating performance and a new eraser tool help you create artwork efficiently and intuitively. improved operating performance enjoy more responsive drawing and editing with improved performance in key operations including faster screen redraw object moving panning scaling and transformations. control panel discover more options faster and free up screen space by accessing anchor point controls clipping masks envelope distortions and more from the context-sensitive control panel. eraser tool quickly remove areas of artwork with the eraser tool as easily as you erase pixels in photoshop and enjoy complete control over the width shape and smoothness of the erasure. new document profiles create artwork easily by selecting prebuilt profiles for various types of media and save custom profiles that specify such setup parameters as artboard dimensions styles and color spaces. crop area tool define crop areas interactively for print or export. choose preset web ratios or video formats with safe areas and set crop marks intuitively. define multiple crop areas and easily move between them as needed. isolation mode edit objects in a group without disturbing other parts of your artwork. easily select hard-to-find objects without having to restack lock or hide layers. symbols for flash use symbols to animate repeated objects while keeping file sizes small. define and name symbol object attributes and preserve these properties when you take the artwork to flash cs3 professional for further editing. additional features live trace quickly and accurately convert photos scans or other bitmap images to editable and scalable vector paths using live trace. integration with adobe design applications speed your way through graphic designs and print production thanks to tight integration with adobe photoshop indesign and acrobat software. live paint easily paint any closed or partially closed area of your artwork with the live paint bucket which automatically detects and corrects gaps and lets you interactively select colors from a swatch palette for faster work. advanced typography easily create and control type with over 100 opentype fonts paragraph and character styles paragraph composition underline and strikethrough transparent effects and more. custom workspaces work more efficiently using custom workspaces that display only the panels you need for a specific task. save share or access any workspace at any time or use workspace presets. adobe pdf file creation tools create native adobe pdf files including multipage pdf files so clients and others can easily review your artwork using adobe acrobat or free adobe reader software. web and interactive tools easily create for the web and mobile devices using vector-based slicing tools robust integration with flash new document profiles for web and mobile designs the capability to preview mobile content in adobe device central and more. new document profiles for web and mobile devices select profiles for web or mobile devices that include prebuilt proportional crops symbols and more. save custom profiles for your projects and clients. save for web/mobile easily export using the save for web/mobile dialog box which lets you choose from html swf gif and jpeg formats along with color count compression file size mobile output and more. adobe device central cs3 create rich graphic content for mobile devices by using adobe device central cs3 to open a specific new document profile and then preview output using the save for web/mobile dialog box. integration with adobe motion and effects tools use your adobe illustrator artwork in adobe after effects projects adobe premiere pro video productions and adobe encore projects to create dvd titles animations effects and more. live color for motion and effects use live color to explore apply and control color variations for effects. quickly change colors in your artwork and automatically see the update in adobe after effects or adobe premiere pro software. new document profiles for motion and effects select prebuilt profiles that include video color profiles pixel aspect ratios transparency grids and aperture settings. save profiles with custom parameters. crop area tool for motion and effectsuse the crop area tool to define working areas on your artboard that are specific to your video aperture complete with safe-area guides. adobe 199|adobe captivate 2 software for windows presentation software captivate 2 software for windows the captivate 2 software for windows from adobe is a powerful application that allows you to create an interactive flash simulation of on-screen actions. this tool helps you create tutorial and training videos of a ...  598.95
0|i spy fantasy v.2 with i spy book & mini cd  topics entertainment 29.99|sibelius sibelius 4 software - educational discount music production software sibelius 4 - software for writing playing printing and publishing music notation for mac os x and windows - educational discount sibelius 4 from sibelius is a fully featured and complete software solution for writing playing printing and publishing ...  249.95
0|clickart 1.2 million 2006 dvd clickart 1.2 million 2006 dvd (win 98 me 2000 xp) encore software 0|microsoft d48-00369 word mac 10.0 eng gov't 659556873790 microsoft d48-00369 word mac 10.0 eng gov't 659556873790  191.94
0|living trust builder don't wait until the last minute - take time to do your living trust today! living trust builder gives you the mechanisms and sound planning advice that can save you from paying estate taxes gift taxes and probate fees. includes documents to get you started right away! jian inc. 19.95|crystal-graphics crystal 3d impact! pro animation software crystal 3d impact! pro 3d title/object animation tool (windows software) with crystal-graphic's crystal 3d impact! pro you will find 3d options not available on any other 3d animation software. add sparkle like no one else can with automatic ...  99.95
0|vault360 combo capitalizing on the popularity of the ipod psp and zen vision vault360 combo allows consumers to transfer dvd's vcd's svcd's recorded tv or video files and now the addition of music and photos stored on their computers or from disc and many other sources to their device. vault360 directly connects to their device allowing for easy memory management. system requirements: pentium 3 1ghz or equivalent 256 ram 5 400 rpm 20+ gig hard drive 1024 x 768 24-bit graphics card windows xp operating system dvd- rom drive format: win xp navarre (software) 29.95|encore software 10272 - marine aquarium + sharks - win 98 me 2000 xp encore software 10272 : marine aquarium is the only screen saver used by over a quarter of a million users offering 26 fish and an unprecedented bonus of 11 sharks free! system requirements: windows 98se/me/2000 sp4/xp sp1* pentium class cpu (120mhz ...  7.69
0|family tree maker version 16 collectors edition with family tree maker version 16 (collector's edition) you can access more than 5 billion records through ancestry.com as you research your family's history. the best-selling genealogy program for 15 straight years family tree maker lets you access some of the world's largest online data based including the u.s. records collection naturalization records immigration records and much more encore software 0|namco hometech me & my katamari me & my katamari  26.55
0|kids power fun for little ones the power of fun; the power of imagination for kids!product informationthis collection all adds up to fun for kids with the engagingly interactivecd-roms.&nbsp; your name is flik and it's up to you to protect your insectcolony from the evil hopper and his topics entertainment 19.99|wg3605 watchguard mobile user vpn - complete package - 5 users - cd - win - english - t watchguard technologies wg3605 : usually ships in 24 hours : : watchguard remote user vpn provides your traveling employees and telecommuters with a secure connection to your corporate network.  290.68
0|podmaxx '07 apple designed the ipod experience in a ?walled garden' format funneling users to their itunes store to buy their music and make it difficult to buy music elsewhere. podmaxx ?07 offers a real solution to this problem enabling ipod owners to buy music anywhere they like for the best price no matter how eclectic their taste. not only can podmaxx ?07 let ipod owners buy ipod music anywhere you can also copy music and playlists from any ipod to their pc create free ringtones from any music fil collection transfer any dvd to their ipod burn music to cd directly from any ipod turn an ipod into a portable hard drive to backup valuable data sync email and contacts (including outlook) view the latest news weather movie start times and their locations ? all with one application. podmaxx ?07 is the perfect digital music companion for itunes and your ipod. podmaxx ?07 organizes your music videos and photos and fixes mislabeled songs. rip and watch your dvd movies anywhere. read your email on your morning commute. burn cds right off any ipod connected to your pc. use your ipod as portable storage device and backup your pc. burn audio cds straight from any ipod - not only can you copy everything off your ipod back to your pc but you can also burn any music files from your ipod striaght to cd. podmaxx automatically formats the files for burning to the cd format that plays in any cd player carry hours of dvd movies in your pocket burn files to cd straight off their ipod protect music collections from loss with full pc backup carry news weather movie info backup an entire pc system requirements - windows 2000 or xp; itunes 4.7 or later installed; microsoft. net framework 1.1 installed supports apple ipod - mini (4 & 6 gb) as well as all 10 20 & 60 gb ipods and nano bling 29.99|microsoft(r) office word 2004 for mac full version expand your creativity with new tools from microsoft word in office 2004 for mac featuring the new notebook layout view. with the click of a button notebook layout view makes it easier for you to take notes on your mac. designed with the look of ...  231.29
0|steinberg nuendo 3 digital audio software nuendo 3 is designed to serve the needs for everyone producing sound for film television video or game. the new version of steinberg's renowned media production system offers more features for post production than ever before and also sets new standards in surround production. an extensive set of new features for traditional stereo audio production and an overall enhancement of many existing functions make nuendo one of the most powerful tools for any kind of media production available anywhere. top new features of nuendo 3 import and export of aaf (advanced authoring format) integrates the most modern project interchange format which is supported by companies such as avid apple digidesign sadie merging fairlight and adobe the improved media management tools include user definable event attributes and extended search functions enabling the user to setup and search his own audio databases; the convenient renaming functionality allows for comfortable and quick renaming of multiple clips regions and events the new warp to picture feature allows lightning-fast matching of audio to picture such as fine tuning of dialog replacement or aligning music to picture seamless integration of pinnacle liquid video editing technology through x-send project import from liquid video editing applications new afl/pfl functionality: pressing the l (listen) button on any channel enables you to exclusively monitor channel signal on the audition bus with routing an... steinberg 2499|fb7-00576 microsoft encarta premium 2007 - media - volume - cd - win - french microsoft fb7-00576 : usually ships in 24 hours : : microsoft encarta premium 2007's dynamic multimedia content brings learning to life! microsoft encarta premium 2007 is a powerful multimedia resource where information is reliable and easy to find.  23.53
0|bryce 6 bryce 6 is the ideal 3d software addition to your image-editing toolbox. it gives creators the ability to work faster and create more realistic environments than ever before. place your characters directly into your bryce 6 scenes and have them walk and talk right before your very eyes. choose at what point you want the imported animations to begin with the freedom to go back to daz|studio to make any necessary adjustments to make them perfect. then simply re-import those animations back into your bryce 6 scene. whether you are a professional designer or a 3d graphics enthusiast bryce 6 provides you with the tools to literally create a world of your own. re:launch 109.95|starcraft ghost engage the starcraft universe face-to-face as a deadly ghost operative in the employ of the dominion. with the help of determined allies follow story-driven missions that take you from massive planetary battles through dangerous solo operations to ...  49.99
0|disney's 1st & 2nd grade bundle (pixar 1st grade secret keys and aladdin reading quest) disney's 1st & 2nd grade bundle will help your child learn while challenging their imagination. skill-building activities will develop a love of education in your child. features disney/pixar buzz lightyear learning 1st grade aladdin reading quest and disney's search for the secret keys. disney 14.99|software cinema dvd-rom: dvdrom: photoshop cs2 advanced techniques (training) photoshop software dvd-rom: photoshop cs2 advanced techniques (training) by julieanne kost software cinema - photoshop cs2 advanced techniques - methods taught in this program will launch you into advanced realms and give you an artistic edge. master the fearful pen ...  159.95
0|jumpstart advanced 3rd grade v2.0 jumpstart advanced 3rd grade has more fun and enriching learning activities to prepare children for 3rd grade. these premium features and extensive content is designed to teach children at a pace that's just right for them. the fun games and exercises keep kids engaged and learning for hours. the software adapts to individual children's learning styles helping them learn more about everything from spelling and arithmetic. subjects include: thinking skills - problem solving & critical thinking knowledge adventure 19.99|emc auth mgr mnt entupg/ext 10m per/u 30-50u - aut0000050ue10   17
0|power director 3 powerdirector 3 - it's everything you need to enhance your camcorder videos! turn simple home movies into high-quality productions with the suite of editing tools included here. svrt ii dv quickscan for faster scanning and rendering of digital video burn your recordings right to cd or dvd with the easy authoring program dolby digital & ac3 decoding support for better audio and even soundtracks avanquest publishing usa inc. 79.95|mackie tracktion 3 project bundle music production software tracktion 3 project bundle - audio recording and midi sequencing music production software - mac os x and windows xp tracktion 3 project bundle software from mackie is an easy-to-use music production application that nevertheless contains everything ...  99.99
0|wild photo effects (jewel case) create wacky pictures and silly caricatures!wild photo effects provides over 40 simple point-and-click tools to create a funky picture instantly!special effects: catastrophe tools like collapses explosions pinches and punches global tools like tornado wind ripples waves and blots shrink and deflate tools grow and magnify tools smooth over and undo tools hooks hammers drills effects tools come in three different sizes for precision editing. you can apply the effect to the whole picture or just to small parts of the picture. apply just one effect or apply them all to a photo. each effect tool is customizable.you can set the intensity to add as little or as much effect as you desire. don't worry if you add too much of an effect because it can be undone with the click of your mouse.record each step and each effect to make a movie that will morph the photo from normal to wacked out. vary the speed on the playback for a good chuckle!when you've completed your zany picture you can save it as a new picture file so your original isn't altered. then print it email it as a final picture movie or animated picture.take a snapshot of your friends or family add bug eyes and big noses and suddenly you have the ultimate tool to embarrass them! family reunion and season party pictures will never be boring again. on hand software 9.99|a209s-gd4-9.0 dragon naturallyspeaking professional - ( v. 9 ) - complete package - 1 user - c scansoft a209s-gd4-9.0 : usually ships in 24 hours : : dragon naturallyspeaking professional 9 enables busy professionals to create documents and e-mails fill out forms and streamline workflow tasks - all by speaking! dragon naturallyspeaking is ...  786.91
0|i spy fantasy v.2 with i spy book & mini cd  topics entertainment 29.99|lynda 02384 - .com - final cut pro 5 beyond the basics (5 macosx dvd) lynda 02384 : in final cut pro 5 beyond the basics author and professional video editor larry jordan expands beyond the material covered in final cut pro 5 essential editing and final cut pro 5 essential effects by teaching advanced techniques for ...  63.97
0|printmaster 17 platinum by encore software printmaster 17 platinum by encore software encore software 39.99|rollercoaster tycoon 3 soaked system requirements mac os x v10.4.8 1.0ghz or faster powerpc g4 or g5 or intel core duo processor (1.2ghz recommended) 256mb ram (512mb recommended) 400mb free hard-disk space video card: ati radeon 9000 or nvidia geforce fx5200 video chipset: ...  23.99
0|photostory on cd & dvd 5 magix photostory on cd and dvd 5 answers the question: what should you do with all those photos? put those holiday snapshots portraits or landscapes to good use -- turn them into a complete story. experience those classic moments all over again on tv with your dvd player. create a sensational slideshow and burn it entirely on cd or dvd. magix entertainment 19.99|topics entertainment snap! hair styler studio try on the new look you've always wanted! snap a digital photo of yourself then unleash your imagination with this virtual beauty salon. experiment with hairstyles makeup eyewear jewelry and more! system requirements: for windows: <l  3.44
0|family tree maker version 16 collectors edition sb cs with family tree maker version 16 collector's edition you'll have the world's most popular resource for creating your family tree. in just a few steps you'll get the information you need to organize and design your family tree. import photos and documents to professionally designed templates to create a unique keepsake -- then share your findings with family and friends. encore software 99.99|adobe photoshop cs3 extended - complete package - 1 user - academic - cd - windows photoshop cs3 extended delivers everything in photoshop cs3 and more. render 3d images into your 2d composites and probe your images with measurement analysis and visualization tools.  279
0|apple remote desktop 2.2 10 client (old version) remote desktop 2.2 makes it easier than it's ever been to manage a network and install new software. with over 50 new features and countless enhancements you'll manage your network effcieintly without having to leave your office. state-of-the-art software distribution makes installing software a virtual walk in the park. distribute software configure systems offer real-time online help and create detailed hardware and software reports. extend a helping hand without leaving your desk with tools for the best technical assistance possible. use remote shell scripts to take the legwork out of your administrative tasks - shut down restart or sleep any mac in your network without getting up from your desk as well as lock screens or empty trash. if you're an administrator you'll know everything you need to know about your macs -- the available hard drive space network settings and software version even when they're offline. stores profiles for every mac whether it's on the network permanently or leaves regularly; tracks offline computers and updates their information for better managing of powerbooks and ibooks apple 299|clifford the big red dog - thinking adventures children direct this skill-building journey through clifford's neighborhood looking for ways to make his party big fun! kids are presented with challenges that require them to use their problem solving skills to complete various steps. the ...  8.95
0|ufo afterlight ufo: afterlight mixes squad-based combat with global tactics and strategy. control the actions of elite ground troops while running the construction of an intricate network of interlinking bases. as you build and command you'll also learn new details about the activities of intergalactic organisms called myrmecols in our solar system. players will meet with brand new technologies unusual environment and enemies both old and unknown. the action begins on mars where an excavation site proves the existence of an ancient intelligent and highly developed alien civilization... opportunity to mind-control your enemies and use psionic abilities topware interactive 39.99|versacheck(r) gold 2005 versachecks user-friendly point-and-click interface makes creating custom checks a snap. just follow the on-screen instructions type in your information place your graphics and print. its really that simple! versacheck gold also offers: new check ...  59.97
0|adventure workshop 4th-6th grade 7th edition with adventure workshop 4th-6th grade 7th edition combines three top titles into one great learning suite. provide nearly limitless challenge stimulation and excitement sure to capture the imagination. let the adventure begin! encore software 19.99|encore tlc dr seuss reading learning system 2008 mpn: 13880  17.9
0|sony acid pro 5 acid pro 5 puts total composition and editing power in the hands of the producer. it's the first loop-based music creation application for almost any level of musical expertise. it's got all the features you need to produce truly professional results. includes more than 1 000 loops from the sony sound series - loops & samples collection plus the native instrument xpress keyboards vsti soft synth bundle sony 399.95|er - the game you've watched the excitement of er now experience it firsthand! as the new er intern at chicago's county general hospital your career starts out easily enough as you treat a manageable number of patients sporting minor cuts and bruises. however ...  9.95
0|custom landdesigner 3d design 7.0  sierra on-line 0|kenny kosek homespun video learning bluegrass fiddle - 2-dvd set kenny kosek's videos/dvds on bluegrass country western swing and old-time fiddle are easy student-friendly beginner lessons. dvd one: kenny kosek shows the proper way to hold the fiddle and bow and how to tune up and play basic scales. h  36.67
0|corel ventura 10 dvd corel ventura 10 product on dvd format is the only tool you need for transforming long complex documents into highly formatted and visually rich publications. corel 699|preston reed homespun video - 641054 - the guitar of preston reed preston reed has reinvented how the acoustic guitar is played with his dynamic use of percussive devices and unusual playing ideas. learn how a single guitar can create a multitude of sonic and rhythmic effects as he teaches the 'rim shots ' 'bongo ...  29.4
0|adobe creative suite cs3 web premium upgrade [mac] note: this is the upgrade version of adobe creative suite 3 web premium. adobe creative suite 3 web premium upgrade software is a complete solution for creating interactive websites applications user interfaces presentations mobile device content and other digital experiences. get everything you need to prototype your project design assets build web experiences and efficiently maintain and update content. photoshop cs3 extended for specialized image editing illustrator cs3 for vector graphics creation flash cs3 professional for interactive design dreamweaver cs3 for web design and development acrobat 8 professional for adobe pdf workflows build your prototype with adobe fireworks cs3 redefine the extraordinary in web design and development get the essential tools finally all your favorite tools are in one solution. design core assets and build your prototype with adobe photoshop cs3 extended adobe illustrator cs3 and adobe fireworks cs3 software. then bring your project to life with adobe dreamweaver cs3 and adobe flash cs3 professional the industry-leading web design and development tools. use adobe acrobat 8 professional software to quickly share design ideas and collect feedback from colleagues and clients and easily maintain the final project with adobe contribute cs3. creative suite 3 web premium is everything you need all in one place. discover intelligent integration return to your creative roots with intelligent integration that allows you to forget the tools and focus on the project. import files directly from illustrator cs3 to flash cs3 or cut and paste files from photoshop cs3 into dreamweaver cs3. take advantage of improved css workflow between dreamweaver and fireworks and improved rendering compatibility between dreamweaver and contribute. organize your assets with adobe bridge cs3 and coordinate your team with adobe version cue cs3. enjoy the latest workflows never before have there been so many opportunities for designers and developers to refine their current skill set while expanding into exciting new techniques and technologies. immerse yourself in online video creation with sophisticated web video tools. follow best practices with new css tools. explore the possibilities in mobile content authoring. expand into development with the spry framework for ajax and new flash actionscript 3.0 language. with creative suite 3 web premium the future is yours. visually manage assets in adobe bridge test mobile designs in adobe device central coordinate with team members using adobe version cue host real-time web-based meetings with adobe acrobat connect top new features of adobe creative suite 3 web premium powerful integration fluidly move assets across adobe photoshop cs3 extended adobe illustrator cs3 adobe flash cs3 professional adobe dreamweaver cs3 and adobe fireworks cs3 software. use adobe version cue cs3 adobe bridge cs3 and adobe stock photos to manage assets. prepare content for mobile devices with adobe device central cs3. more expressive interactive design explore new dimensions in digital design with new features in flash cs3 such as the pen tool shape primitives new filter effects and advanced video support. all these come alongside renowned interactive video animation and graphics capability plus high-quality text rendering. unrivaled image editing power perfect your images with new capabilities in adobe photoshop cs3 extended designed specifically for web professionals including features such as 3d editing animation support a new timeline and more. powerful flexible graphic design create editable and scalable vector artwork for web mobile and interactive design. adobe illustrator cs3 now features improved drawing performance and tools to help you apply and experiment with color. rapid prototyping use fireworks cs3 to rapidly prototype web designs. leverage a common library of prebuilt graphic symbols with customizable properties. move designs to flash cs3 professional and dreamweaver cs3 or leverage an extensible api to integrate with adobe flex software. emerging technologies prepare for the next generation of web technology while applying best practices. develop dynamic user interfaces with css and ajax add flash video and incorporate new standards-based user elements. mobile content authoring use adobe device central cs3 to design develop preview and test content for a wide range of mobile and consumer devices. easily show your work in numerous mobile device skins through built-in and regularly updated device profiles. browser and platform compatibility ensure your experience is consistent across operating systems browsers and platforms using the new browser compatibility check in dreamweaver cs3 and the adobe css advisor website an invaluable source of user-contributed solutions to css issues. macintosh or windows pick your platform. adobe creative suite 3 web premium software is available for mac os--including intel based macintosh computers--windows xp and windows vista. design in your preferred platform and then deliver across platforms with consistent results. easy web maintenance free yourself from simple web edits. with contribute cs3 enable individuals or workgroups to quickly and easily edit and publish content to websites and blogs from a controlled permissions-based application or from within microsoft applications. additional features best of the best get the newest versions of the award-winning tools integrated workflows and valuable utilities used to prototype design develop and maintain websites applications interactive experiences and mobile device content. flash video create and edit streaming and progressive flash video--and deploy progressive flash video--with comprehensive video support including a standalone video encoder alpha channel support a high-quality video codec embedded cue points video import support quicktime import closed-captioning and more. engaging interactivity incorporate rich interactivity into your projects. whether it's ajax interactivity in web page elements streaming interactive broadcasts or an interactive multi-user collaboration application adobe creative suite 3 web premium software has everything you need to draft and deploy your interactive vision on the web. latest technologies and standards keep pace with evolving technologies and standards. design with html and css; integrate with development technologies like xhtml xml adobe coldfusion asp asp.net jsp and php; test content across browsers and operating systems; and prepare for the new internet protocol version 6 (ipv6). actionscript 3.0 development go farther with actionscript 3.0 the high-performance object-oriented programming language for adobe flash player. explore a whole new world of customization using the rich language api libraries and expansive community support services. best practices easily apply best practices of web design and development. create consistent css-based designs with css layout and visualization tools. drag and drop an xml feed onto a web page. use the industry's first integrated tool for section 508 and wcag priority 2 checkpoints. reliability and innovation whether you're adding interactive video migrating to css conforming to accessibility regulations preparing for ipv6 conversion or experimenting with mobile content creative suite 3 web premium lets you work well today and grow for tomorrow. adobe creative suite 3: what's in each edition? adobe creative suite 3 editions design premium design standard web premium web standard production premium master collection adobe photoshop cs3 extended adobe photoshop cs3 adobe illustrator cs3 adobe indesign cs3 adobe acrobat 8 professional adobe flash cs3 professional adobe dreamweaver cs3 adobe contribute cs3 adobe fireworks cs3 adobe after effects cs3 professional adobe premiere pro cs3 adobe soundbooth cs3 adobe encore cs3 adobe onlocation * adobe ultra cs3 * additional features and services in adobe creative suite 3 adobe bridge cs3 adobe version cue cs3 adobe device central cs3 adobe dynamic link adobe stock photos adobe acrobat connect * adobe ultra runs on microsoft windows only. for macintosh users adobe onlocation requires bootcamp and windows (purchased separately) or a separate windows-based computer. adobe 499|visio developing solutions - microsoft press - 0-7356-1353-2 developing microsoft visio solutions is thecomprehensive guide for any software developer system analyst architect engineer cad program user or advanced computer userwho wants to tap directly into the programming power of visio 2002.it ...  23.28 gbp
0|montage (mac) montage 1.0 is the only screenwriting software exclusively developed for mac os x. it melds a simple user interface with powerful and intuitive features -- providing the best possible writing experience. montage makes it easy to create edit and manage screenplays on your macintosh. using it you can import final draft documents use pre-formatted templates for film tv radio and theater. montage guides the first time screenwriter or the seasoned veteran from start to finish. once your masterpiece is complete you can send your query synopsis and scripts to hundreds of included industry contacts through montage's integration with apple's address book. montage backs up any and all activity within the product native support for cocoa universal and accessible smart views allow writers to visually filter the script to the desired content based on criteria mariner software 149.95|real world corporation(tm) compatible continuous checks compatible with real world corporation(tm) versions 6.0 and 6.6 expertise accounting and classic accounting 7.0-8.0.  91.59
0|sibelius 5 professional edition sibelius 5 is so easy to learn and use that you can start writing your first piece within minutes - not days! whatever your musical style sibelius 5 makes writing scores a breeze - giving you more time to focus on the music. stunning new features like panorama mean you don't need to think about pages while you're composing or arranging. you can create audio files which can be converted to mp3s or burned to cd produce instrumental parts effortlessly compose for video sell your music online and do hundreds of other things you might never have dreamed of. scorch - from your own web site anyone anywhere can view play transpose and print your music. visitors to your site don't need sibelius - they just download scorch the amazing free plug-in for browsing scores online. minimum system requirements - pc - windows xp sp2 or windows vista 512mb+ ram 350mb hard disk space dvd-rom drive / recommended - 1gb+ total ram 3.5gb total hard disk space asio-compatible soundcard / mac - mac os x 10.4 or later 512mb+ ram 350mb hard disk space dvd-rom drive / sibelius 5 is a universal application that runs on both powerpc processors and new macs with intel processors. recommended - g5 or intel processor 1gb+ total ram 3.5gb total hd space sibelius software ltd. 599|daceasy(tm) continuous forms-4.3 & higher versions guaranteed compatible with daceasy(tm) accounting software 4.3 and higher.crisp clear printing. with your companys name address and stock or custom logo.fanfolded continuous forms. feed easily into your printer. pinholes are perfectly aliged - ...  241.99
0|csi: crime scene investigation csi comes to life on your pc with all the cyber-sherlock holmes appeal fans know and love. the high production value of the game and its faithful adherence to the theme style and sound of the show prove that it is not just a crass attempt to cash in on the csi craze. as you'd expect csi is a mystery adventure game that follows the format of the csi show. you collect evidence head to the lab visit the morgue and so on. you scrutinize the game's screens looking for evidence or areas that may contain hidden clues. you can use luminal to find blood traces you can dust for prints and you can use the sniffer to get gas samples--all are familiar tools and methods used in the show. csi fans will likely intuitively know when and where to use each item while adventure game fans will delight in having such new high tech toys. csi offers five quality storylines each of which would feel at home on the show. while you don't get to fill the shoes of one of the show's well-known characters you do get to work with each of them as you progress along the csi investigative chain. show characters join you to provide hints and help you establish the motive means and opportunity needed to determine and catch the bad guy. fans of the show will forgive the short length of the game and merely adequate graphics just because of the quality storylines use of the real actors and respect shown the license. adventure game fans will also appreciate it even if they'll find it a bit too easy (it's aimed at mainstream fans more than hardcore gamers). csi brings enough true crime class to be of interest to fans and non-fans alike.--andrew s. bub pros: actors from the show voice their characters in the game pays homage and tribute to the show respects adventure game and csi fans equally cons: animation is stiff five mysteries is too few ubi soft 19.99|encore software 10634 - 3d home architect home v.8 by encore software 10634 : 3d home architect home v.8 by encore software - 10634  33.97
0|apple logic pro 7.2 upgrade upgrade only; previous installation of logic pro or logic pro platinum 6 or 7 logic pro 7.2 offers you the state-of-the-art loop composition tools with new instruments and effects to change the way you compose record edit and mix music. with its distributed audio processing you'll have audio and music production that you never imagined. innovative software instruments combined with apple loops browsing and editing give you editing and producing in a truly professional environment. acoustic eq matching pitch correction on improper intonation on vocals or force to monotone add a haunting metallic sheen with the ringshifter save all channel settings and parameters for future projects with recall channel strips control tempo signature and more through global tracks apply crossfades to overlapping regions and use shuffle editing to prevent regions from overlapping software instrument layering lets you play multiple software instruments simultaneously drag and drop audio and edit zones graphically 32-channel support for multi-channel audio units instruments playback aac and apple lossless files directly with no conversion of compressed files new garageband plug-ins - ducking(automated voiceover volume reduction) & speech enhancer improved rewire support serato pitch 'n time support for rich and natural-sounding results even at extreme settings includes the same jingles and sound effects library that ship with ilife '06 apple 299|software test automation: effective use of test execution tools as software grows increasingly complex effective testing automation offers a key opportunity for competitive advantage. this detailed hands-on guide shows how streamline every element of the testing process from planning through post-processing ...  47.74
0|i transfer dvds 2 ipod edition (win/mac) with itransfer dvd 2: ipod edition you can easily transfer your favorite movies to your video-enabled ipod and watch them anytime or anywhere! the incredible itransfer dvds2 apple ipod version software allows you to transfer virtually any format including avi ask mepg vob & more directly to your ipod. you won't believe how easy it is to convert a movie with itransfer dvds. simply drag and drop files from your computer to your ipod. you'll be able to transfer virtually any movie or video in a common movie format such as plug-ins. and it works on either a mac or a pc. you'll be able to take all your favorite movies with you wherever you go! it's like having a complete dvd library with you wherever you go! me too software 29.99|panda software ae gatedef 8050 av mod 1001-2ku 1yr - b1pgdaavg-edu   16
0|britannica deluxe  avanquest software 29.95|circus ponies notebook 2.0 system requirements: mac os x 10.3 or later powerpc g3 or g4 processsor and 256mb ram  43.99
0|hallmark blank greeting cards half-fold matte premium 20 count 20 sheet count / 5 1/2 x 8 1/2 nova development 12.99|ik multimedia groovemaker le live-remixing liveremixing software music production software groovemaker 2.5le - loop based live-remixing software with full midi control and 1 loop-cd - mac and windows groovemaker 2.5le from ik multimedia is software that allows the user to create hypnotic non-stop electronic dance tracks in real-time with ...  29.99
0|mavis beacon teaches typing deluxe v17 mavis beacon teaches typing 17 deluxe brings back the classic typing tutorial. let mavis beacon monitor your typing skills as you complete the wide range of lessons and exercises included here. the software monitors your progress flagging your weak spots and offering challenging lessons to help you improve your keyboard skills. download lessons to your palm pilot for easy portable practice sessions straighten up your keyboarding skills -- correct your posture and physical alignment with ergonomic evaluation videos includes bonus software - perfect and update your rsum with the print shop resume pro for pc encore software 39.99|math learning system 2007 a complete math program with 10 hours of tutorials and interactive exercises! students can work at their own pace in the comfort of their own home. subjects covered include: early math elementary school math middle school math high school math ...  15.95
0|age of empires iii: the warchiefs expansion pack (mac) age of empires iii: the war chiefs is the new expansion pack for the best-selling real-time strategy title of 2005. lead one of three proud native american civilizations - the iroquois confederacy sioux nation and aztecs - to expand their empires and fight for control of the americas. lead the proud playable native civilizations to expand their empire and fight to rule two continents. there are many ways to play age of empires iii. play against the computer on random maps. play multiplayer against friends online or play the campaign in which you take the role of morgan black and his descendants as they struggle against the hostile wilderness help the aztecs resist the spanish conquistadors pit the french against the british and help simon bolivar lead revolutions in south america. system requirements - macintosh computer with a g4/g5 or intel processor running at 1.4ghz or faster mac os x v10.3.9 or higher 512mb ram 64 mb video card (with support for hardware t & l). 56k dial-up internet access or lan for online play destineer 34.95|intuit quickbooks pro 2007 software for mac finance software quickbooks pro 2007 software for mac the quickbooks pro 2007 software for mac from intuit is a bookkeeping application designed for small to medium-sized businesses. it allows you to print checks and pay bills. you can also use the software to ...  189.95
0|emc retrospect 7.5 disk to disk windows emc retrospect 7.5 disk to diskcromwindows dantz 0|01-ssc-6011 sonicwall update service for sonicwall content security manager 2100 cf - mainte sonicwall 01-ssc-6011 : usually ships in 24 hours : : today's organizations rely increasingly on the internet for access to information and resources.  5781.25
0|dance praise with dance pad (win/mac) turn your computer into a dance arcade with top christian hits! get ready for hours of family fun with music worth listening to! simply plug in the interactive dance pad into the usb port of your computer and start movin' and groovin' to over 50 christian songs from your favorite artists.includes music from your favorite christian artists: 4th avenue jones'andy hunteraudio adrenalinebleachdavid crowder* banddj majearthsuithawk nelsonjohn reubenliquidnewsboysout of edenpax217sanctus realsarah kellyseven day jesusstarfieldsteven curtis chapmanthe benjamin gatethe elmsthe katinastobymacverbszoegirl digital praise 39.99|amy grant yamaha amy grant - the collection - smart pianosoft this innovative software series enables your disklavier mark iii piano to perform with the world's most popular cds! using yamaha's pianosmart technology this companion diskette will magically empower your disklavier mark iii to accompany the ...  14.86
0|mavis beacon teaches typing deluxe v17 mavis beacon teaches typing 17 deluxe brings back the classic typing tutorial. let mavis beacon monitor your typing skills as you complete the wide range of lessons and exercises included here. the software monitors your progress flagging your weak spots and offering challenging lessons to help you improve your keyboard skills. download lessons to your palm pilot for easy portable practice sessions straighten up your keyboarding skills -- correct your posture and physical alignment with ergonomic evaluation videos includes bonus software - perfect and update your rsum with the print shop resume pro for pc encore software 39.99|29270055 adobe creative suite 3 web standard - complete package - 1 user - cd - win - uni adobe systems 29270055 : usually ships in 24 hours : in stock : adobe creative suite 3 web standard software is the basic toolkit for web designers and developers.  1056.98
0|adobe after effects 7.0 professional (mac) adobe after effects 7.0 mac pb sofware sets new standards for motion graphics and visual effects. adobe 999|encore software 11930 - hoyle south beach solitaire - win 98 me 2000 xp encore software 11930 : latin tempos and flourishes of art deco style energize this unique and captivating solitaire game. get ready for endless hours of card-flipping fun!  7.69
0|onone software intellihance pro 4.1 intellihance pro 4.1 is your all-purpose tool for color correcting and enhancing images. compare and print up to 25 professional enhancement variations at once. this award-winning technology analyzes and corrects each image individually for contrast and brightness saturation sharpness dust and scratches color cast and more. easily fine-tune and compare different settings for fast professional results. automatically analyzes and corrects images from any source including digital cameras flatbed and drum scanners or original digital artwork. onone software 0|three-to-a-page payroll checks each has two stubs one for the employee and a permanent stub which stays in the book. standard deductions are printed right on the check.no carbons no mess! choose 1- or 2-part carbonless safety paper checks in your choice of blue green or yellow ...  104.39
0|peachtree by sage premium accounting for nonprofits 2007 peachtree premium accounting for nonprofits 2007 is the affordable easy to use accounting solution that provides you with donor/grantor management. if you're like most nonprofit organizations you're constantly striving to maximize each and every dollar of your annual operating budget. financial reporting by programs and funds advanced operational reporting and the rock-solid core accounting features that have made peachtree the choice of hundreds of thousands of small businesses. the result is an accounting solution tailor-made for the challenges of operating a nonprofit organization. keep an audit trail to record and report on any changes made to your transactions improve data integrity with prior period locking archive your organization's data for snap shots of your data before you closed your year set up individual user profiles with password protection peachtree restore wizard restores all backed-up data files plus web transactions and customized forms includes all standard accounting features - general ledger accounts receivable &accounts payable; payroll solutions; time & billing and job costing; fixed assets; analysis and reporting & customization easily convert from quickbooks sage software 599.99|tony rice homespun new acoustic guitar - book/6-cd pack here's the whole gamut of the fabulous tony rice guitar style from bluegrass basics to his own ?new acoustic? compositions. tony teaches and demonstrates licks runs tunes advanced rhythm parts and the complex improvisational solos that ha  43.94
0|simple movie maker lights!&nbsp; camera!&nbsp; interactive!product informationthe leap from camcorder photography to cinematic presentation is really a simplestep with simple movie maker the novice-friendly editing software that puts youin the director's chair. effortlessly topics entertainment 19.99|laser/inkjet checks for peachtree(r) complete iii for dos v. 5.0-10.0 guaranteed compatible!variety. forms and checks for all your needs in your choice of fanfolded continuous or single-sheet laser/inkjet.run easily. designed for smooth easy processing through your printer.no mess. all forms and checks use carbonless ...  106.29
0|professor fujis sudoku deluxe by encore - marketing information: puzzle fanatics! get ready for your next mission: sudoku! fill in the empty cells one number in each so each column row and region contains the numbers 1 through 9 exactly once. sounds easy right... wrong. product information - software sub type: educational game - software name: professor fujiandquot;s sudoku deluxe - complete product - features and benefits: - 100 000 hand crafted puzzles - 16 different grid themes - 3 levels of play - pausable timer - fully integrated puzzle solver solves all grids - export puzzle and answers as a jpeg for emailing to friends - play with letters numbers or colors - printable puzzles - cheat mode - bosskey to hide your games! - game rating: esrb - e - (everyone) - platform support: pc license information - license type: complete product - license pricing: standard - license quantity: 1 user encore software 19.99|onone software inc. gpp-55211 - genuine fractals print pro 5 1u onone software inc. gpp-55211 : onone software inc. genuine fractals print pro 5 1u - gpp-55211  274.97
0|detto move2mac usb move2mac is a complete solution for moving information from pc to mac -- all your music photos files and folders are moved easily! detto technologies inc 71.31|data protection security suite 2005 new 2005 version! stompsoft's data protection utility suite 2005 is the ultimate protection and safeguard for your data with 3 powerful software applications. includes backup mypc 2005 recoverlost data 2005 and privacy protector 2005. backup my pc ...  59.9
0|intuit quicken home inventory manager - windows quicken home inventory manager makes it easy to keep an organized record of your belongings so you are ready for an insurance claim in case of an emergency. a photo inventory tool lets you easily drag and drop photos for faster claim processing and more complete records. providing your insurance company with proof of ownership helps eliminate hassles and a comprehensive record ensures you won't forget to claim any items. enter your coverage amounts for your insurance policies and compare them to actual replacement costs. make sure nothing gets left behind when you move and have a record if you do need to make an insurance claim. back up your information with quicken online backup so you can easily access it from anywhere. recording each item and noting its beneficiary can help communicate your intentions for estate planning. the inventory value summary shows you what the contents of your entire home are worth. the inventory detail report gives you a detailed look at the information you've entered for each item. keep an organized record of your possessions receipts and photos help expedite insurance claims with documented evidence of everything you own easily keep track of your belongings when you move simplify your estate planning by recording each item and noting its beneficiary take a key step in preparing for an emergency system requirements - pentium iii 500 mhz processor or higher windows 2000 sp3 windows server 2003 windows xp sp 2 vista 256mb ram 25mb free space microsoft. net 2.0 framework 1024x768 with 16-bit color monitor cd-rom or dvd drive 56 kbps modem internet connection microsoft internet explorer 6.0 sp1 or later sound card and speakers recommended intuit 34.95|josh white homespun video the guitar of josh white the legendary josh white (1914-1969) is widely considered to be one of the most influential blues and folk artists of all time celebrated in 1998 with a commemorative us postage stamp. josh white jr. an accomplished actor singer and teacher ...  22.13
0|wasp bar code - wasp bar code labeler - complete package - 3 users - std - cd -  wasp technologies 0|sibelius sibelius 4 software music production software sibelius 4 - software for writing playing printing and publishing music notation - mac os x and windows sibelius 4 from sibelius is a fully featured and complete software solution for writing playing printing and publishing music notation. from its ...  449.95
0|iview mediapro 2.5  global marketing 199.99|microsoft mappoint 2006 with gps locator (pc) key features: north american edition compatible with ms office plan work travel analyze business data...  349.99
0|apple final cut studio 2 upgrade from final cut studio (mac) final cut studio 2 upgrade from final cut studio delivers an integrated post-production solution that lets you move effortlessly from editing to color grading to creating motion graphics to sculpting audio to multiformat encoding and dvd authoring. this powerful new version features final cut pro 6 motion 3 soundtrack pro 2 compressor 3 dvd studio pro 4 and color the newest member of the suite. craft the perfect story using a tightly integrated and innovative suite of products created specifically for video editors. with xml to share project data and quicktime to seamlessly move media between systems final cut studio 2 can fit into virtually any production pipeline or newsroom. editing unleashed final cut studio 2 helps take you beyond mere editing. discover the intuitive power of new creative tools designed expressly for final cut pro editors. rapidly move through editing to motion graphics audio editing and mixing color grading and delivery--all as a natural extension of the work you already do. final cut studio 2 puts a powerful new version of final cut pro at the center of an integrated post-production workflow. final cut studio 2 includes final cut pro 6 motion 3 soundtrack pro 2 compressor 3 dvd studio pro 4 and color--a brand-new application for professional color grading. it's a final cut world independent filmmakers. hollywood film editors. corporate video and event producers. editors with hourly deadlines cutting broadcast spots or network news. hundreds of thousands of creative professionals all over the world have made final cut pro their first choice for editing. it has rapidly become an industry standard. building on this success apple has designed each application in final cut studio 2 with final cut pro editors in mind. start working quickly with intuitive tools and familiar interfaces. whenever you're ready for precise control a comprehensive set of features is just a click away. the editor's choice final cut studio 2 is fast fluid and flexible. use a laptop on location and a desktop in the studio. start with the tools you already use today and extend your reach when you're ready. final cut studio 2 has everything you need in a single product. edit. use final cut pro 6 for native editing of virtually any format--from dv and sd up to hdv xdcam hd dvcpro hd and fully uncompressed hd. or use prores 422 a new post-production format from apple that offers uncompressed hd quality at sd file sizes. drag clips with different formats and even different frame rates into the new open format timeline. animate. create stunning 2d and 3d motion graphics in real time with motion 3 the fastest and most intuitive way to animate and express your creative vision. just drag and drop to make dramatic particle effects explode into 3d space; form vector-based paint strokes with the swish of a pen. new motion master templates let you edit text and drop in video without leaving final cut pro. mix. record and edit dialogue add music and effects and complete your mix with ease. soundtrack pro 2 lets you work faster than ever in its new streamlined interface. you can even produce in surround sound using innovative visual tools. if you make changes to your edit in final cut pro you can rapidly update your audio mix with the powerful conform feature in soundtrack pro. grade. give your production a signature look or create a consistent feel for shots from different sources. color is the newest member of the final cut studio family offering professional color grading that can elevate the quality of any production. deliver. use compressor 3 to create pristine-quality output for a wide range of delivery formats--including the web ipod iphone apple tv and broadcast servers. a streamlined new interface lets you batch-process encoding with point-and-click ease. if film is your destination use cinema tools 4 to output film lists that combine timecode and keycode in a single list. or use dvd studio pro 4 for professional dvd authoring and mastering. post-production without walls final cut studio 2 is not just a product. it's a platform. open standards encourage innovation giving developers and partners the freedom to create custom solutions. with xml to share project data and quicktime to seamlessly move media between systems final cut studio 2 can fit into virtually any production pipeline or newsroom. whether you're working in a group of 2 or 200 final cut studio lets you collaborate with ease. share media seamlessly across multiple workstations with xsan. use final cut server--with or without xsan--for media asset management and workflow automation that is deeply integrated with final cut studio 2. whether you're cutting commercials editing feature films or pushing out the nightly news final cut server helps you work faster whenever you're working together. final cut pro 6one timeline. infinite possibilities. mix and match source material--both formats and frame rates--in real time using the new open format timeline in final cut pro 6. create exactly the look you want for your projects with the complete set of professional color grading and finishing tools in color. easily create sophisticated 3d environments with depth and realism--with the real-time 3d multiplane compositing tools in motion 3. fly through audio editing and mixing create immersive soundtracks and easily conform audio to video edits using the new streamlined interface in soundtrack pro 2. deliver your best work quickly and easily to virtually any format encoding hands-free on your local mac or across a network of connected mac systems with compressor 3. produce sophisticated fully interactive studio-quality dvd titles with drag-and-drop ease using dvd studio pro 4. the first choice of professional editors worldwide final cut pro 6 delivers high performance digital nonlinear editing native support for virtually any video format and facility-class extensibility and interoperability. its workflow extends through the other final cut studio applications and final cut server for even more power. whether you're working solo or collaborating with a team final cut pro gives you more creative options and technical control than ever before including: broad format support incredible real-time effects comprehensive editing tools expanded power as the hub of final cut studio open extensible architecture colorcolor grading is in the house. color grading involves more than color correction. just as different soundtracks can make a particular scene feel humorous romantic or menacing the look created by a color grade can radically alter the tone and mood of a sequence. color apple's new professional color grading application makes it easy for editors to create signature looks for projects ranging from short video pieces to full-length theatrical films. color offers the following key features: real-time professional color grading dramatic color effects cinema-quality signature looks final cut studio workflows motion 3now playing in 3d. motion 3 takes the complexity out of 3d by extending the 2d tools you already use. with its intuitive interface and rich toolset the only limit is your imagination. send particles exploding through space. swing cameras around an object with breathtaking ease. squiggle a vector-based paint stroke in 3d through the cosmos. motion 3 lets you create 3d motion graphics with drag-and-drop ease startling performance and unprecedented color fidelity. this powerful upgrade to apple's award-winning motion graphics software features: an intuitive real-time design environment flexible animation tools 3d motion graphics done right breathtaking filters and effects numerous time-saving features soundtrack pro 2the next wave in audio post. soundtrack pro 2 offers unprecedented convenience and power to editors. fly through audio editing and mixing with a new streamlined interface that combines the multitrack timeline and waveform editor in a single view. easily create immersive soundtracks with innovative surround sound tools. automatically conform your audio edit to changes made in your video edit. with its familiar interface and intuitive tools soundtrack pro is the final cut pro of audio post-production. key features of soundtrack pro 2 include: streamlined multitrack interface professional editing and dialogue tools intuitive surround sound automatic audio conform process intelligent workflows compressor 3create once. debut everywhere. with increasing demand for media distribution in multiple formats--ranging from hd broadcast to an ipod screen--it's more important than ever to be able to output files efficiently while keeping quality high. the streamlined interface of compressor 3 lets you quickly configure batch processes for encoding to a wide range of industry standard formats. or create format and standards conversions at pristine quality through sophisticated optical flow technology. for the ultimate high-speed workflow set up distributed encoding over a shared-media network powered by xsan. key features of compressor 3 include: streamlined encoding workflow industry-standard encoding support pristine format conversions distributed encoding dvd studio pro 4simply powerful dvd authoring. dvd studio pro 4 makes it easy to extend your creative vision to every aspect of dvd authoring. whether your project is simple or sophisticated you'll enjoy using familiar easy-to-use tools to produce the perfect presentation of your sd or hd content. a comprehensive set of advanced features is available whenever you want more control. key features of dvd studio pro 4 include: intuitive design environment professional authoring tools versatile dvd mastering post-production workgroups collaborate with a small team of editors in a boutique post-production facility. or build a custom workfl ow for a global news network. whether you're sharing a small number of media assets over a lan or supporting hundreds of editors on a san final cut studio makes it easy for everyone to work together. shared media assets small workgroups can share media over a lan or wan by copying assets from a shared volume to a local workstation. for a scalable high-performance shared storage solution final cut studio editors can collaborate over a fibre channel storage area network (san) powered by xsan. with xsan every editor on a project has concurrent access to source media files and never needs to transfer assets between workstations. each mac system accesses shared files on the san as if the storage were directly attached. xsan can support hundreds of concurrent clients and can easily be expanded to provide more storage capacity and bandwidth as your needs grow. asset management and workflow automation meet final cut server apple's powerful new media asset management and workflow automation software. final cut server takes the headache out of managing large collections of media files then extends to tracking job status managing reviews and approvals and automating complex sequences of tasks--all with apple's legendary ease of use and all in a single product designed to work seamlessly with final cut studio. final cut server combines server software designed to run on mac os x with a cross-platform client that runs on either macintosh or windows-based computers. collaborate over a lan or wan with a small number of users or leverage the power of xsan to share media across a large number of workstations. apple 499|lynda 02384 - .com - final cut pro 5 beyond the basics (5 macosx dvd) lynda 02384 : in final cut pro 5 beyond the basics author and professional video editor larry jordan expands beyond the material covered in final cut pro 5 essential editing and final cut pro 5 essential effects by teaching advanced techniques for ...  63.97
0|virusbarrier x4 10.4 for mac-10 users virusbarrier x4 10.4 for mac os x - 10 users (mac 10.2.8 or later) intego 329.95|hudson music snare drum basics - vhs video this video is the ideal reference for drummers of all ages and experience levels providing them with the means to develop or refine the essential tools necessary to expand their vocabulary as drummers. topics covered include: grips basic strokes ...  11.23
0|f-secure internet security 2007 - 3 pcs f-secure internet security 2007 provides a complete and easy-to-use protection against all internet threats whether they are known or previously unidentified. it includes an award-winning antivirus an easy-to-use personal firewall an improved antispyware and a new technology f-secure deepguard that constantly monitors the very heart of your computer ensuring that no malicious programs can take over your computer even if you do not have all the latest updates. in addition the product filters unwanted spam and so-called phishing attempts from your e-mail and with the parental control you can block access to websites with questionable content. key features protects your computer against viruses worms and unknown attackswith daily automatically updated virus protection from the world-renowned data security laboratory of f-secure and the new f-secure deepguard technology that protects you against zero-day attacks and other future threats you can safely use your computer now and tomorrow. detects and removes spyware from your computerf-secure internet security detects and removes secretly installed software from your computer better than ever before ensuring that your system is running smoothly and clean of spyware. protects your computer against hackersyou can keep your private data to yourself with the personal firewall that stops hackers from breaking into your computer. helps you stay free from spam e-mail and phishing attemptsf-secure internet security filters unwanted spam and e-mail schemes designed to steal your private information. protects your children against unwanted internet contentf-secure internet security ensures that your children or teenagers do not enter objectionable sites or surf the internet when you are not around. today's challenges in addition to computer viruses there is now a new breed of threats on the internet such as carefully planned targeted attacks that can pass through conventional security solutions unnoticed possibly taking over your computer for illegal purposes. for this reason it is essential to protect your computer not only against computer viruses and worms but also against any suspicious activity that might be a sign of danger in your computer. the solution? f-secure internet security 2007. all in one protection for your pc. protect your data and privacy when you email download music bank or shop online. f-secure internet security combines automated virus and spyware discovery and removal with daily automatically updated virus protection from f-secure's world-renowned virus research laboratory. an integrated personal firewall stops hackers from breaking into your computer and lets you keep your private data to yourself. the enhanced parental control with new individually configurable profiles and child time lock function enables parents to control and monitor their childrens' internet usage. in addition f-secure deepguard a new intelligent detection technology ensures you are protected against zero-day attacks and other future threats. f-secure internet security 2007: protects your computer against viruses worms rootkits and zero-day attacks new proactive deepguard technology protects you against any unknown threats stops spyware and hackers from entering your computer helps you stay free from spam e-mail and phishing attempts protects your children against unwanted internet content includes a web surfing time lock for children provides the fastest protection against new virus outbreaks security news easy to install and use new--f-secure deepguard technology. there is a new growing problem of fast-spreading targeted attacks or so-called zero-day attacks on the internet which cannot be detected with traditional security solutions. f-secure deepguard is a new technology that gives you a proactive layer of security that protects you against any unforeseen threats. it's like having your own private virus research lab inside your pc! new--web traffic scanning protects you against infected web sites. certain web sites can infect your computer even if you do not specifically download anything from these sites. web traffic scanning protects you against this problem by scanning the http traffic blocking any malicious content from entering your pc. new--redesigned antispyware and antivirus working together with f-secure internet security 2007. introduces a further level of protection by combining award-winning real-time antivirus software (f-secure anti-virus) with an award-winning realtime antispyware scanner. new--enhanced parental control with individually configurable user profiles and child time lock. parental control blocks access to internet sites with inappropriate content. the software can be configured to block internet pages that reference weapons drugs gambling and pornography. there is also an option to completely disable access to certain sites. with the child time lock feature parents can also define at what time of the day their children are permitted to surf the internet. new--enhanced anti-spam with e-mail based antiphishing and real-time blackhole list support (rbl) anti-spam filters unsolicited email based on a bayesian filter and the use of blacklists. the software also detects phishing attacks and filters them into a separate e-mail folder. protect yourself against the unknown fast spreading targeted attacks or so-called zero-day attacks are a new growing problem on the internet. the latest version of f-secure internet security comes with a new intelligent technology that protects you against these unforeseen threats. protect your privacy with improved antispyware spyware can secretly track your surfing habits abuse your internet connection by sending data to a third party profile your shopping preferences or hijack your web browser. f-secure anti-virus protects your privacy by detecting and removing such software from your computer. stay free from spam and phishing attempts the amount of spam is increasing as well as the number of e-mail schemes designed to get you to unknowingly disclose your private information. with f-secure internet security you can protect yourself against these rapidly growing problems. f-secure internet security detects and filters spam and phishing attempts in e-mails. parental control with time lock and user profiles the parental control feature ensures that your children do not enter questionable web sites or use the internet when you are not around. you can also define age-based user profiles that have different access levels to the internet content. protection against zero-day attacks and rootkits zero-day attacks are a new type of threat that can break into your computer even if you have up-to-date security software installed. the new f-secure deepguard technology now detects and prevents any suspicious activity that might indicate a danger in your computer. rootkits are also detected and removed. web traffic scanning certain web sites can infect your computer even if you do not download anything from the web site. web traffic scanning protects you against this problem. e-mail scanning pop3 imap and smtp traffic are scanned for viruses so that you do not have to worry about infected e-mails. easy to install and use f-secure internet security is extremely easy to install and use. as the software is highly automated you do not have to understand the complexities of data security. the fastest protection against new virus outbreaks immediate reaction times and fast cures during new and emerging threats ensured by f-secure research team working 24 hours a day. security news news about virus outbreaks is delivered straight to your computer. this ensures that you get information about the new viruses and their behavior immediately as well as the instructions on how to avoid the infection and a confirmation whether your computer is already protected against the latest threat. multiple scanning engines f-secure internet security uses multiple scanning engines bringing you the very best in detection and disinfection. each of the scanning engines is specialized in detecting a different type of malware. it is like having several antivirus products running in your computer at the same time! intuitive product tutorial learn about product features and functions. this easy to use tutorial provides answers to many essential questions on how to use the software. software in your language f-secure internet security has a clear user interface including an easily accessible electronic manual. both the software and electronic manual are available in your language. compare home user solutions feature f-secure internet security 2007 f-secure anti-virus 2007 protects your computer against viruses worms other malware and rootkits yes yes includes a firewall to protect your computer against hackers yes no includes real-time protection against spyware yes yes scans e-mail for viruses and malicious code yes yes helps you stay free from spam e-mail yes yes easy to install and use yes yes provides the fastest protection against new virus outbreaks (based on independent data from av-test.org) yes yes protects your children against unwanted internet content yes no includes a web surfing time lock for children yes no includes application control yes no includes an intuitive e-learning tool yes yes automatically updates yes yes security news delivered to your desktop yes no global marketing partners 79.99|abacus usa/world extreme landscapes bundle   38.43
0|listen for ipod - magnetic time  sos aggregation company 39.99|topics entertainment phonics success essentials phonics success essentials is the leading-edge suite of software tools for the personal computer. ideal for young students at all learning levels phonics success essentials has educator-endorsed award-winning lessons that will improve any student?s ...  17.55
0|mike garson jazzical suite contains the following songs: 1. jazzical suite 2. longings 3. it could happen to you 4. admiration 5. yesterdays 6. remember love 7. lennie 8. blues for suze 9. my funny valentine 10. all the things you are 11. reflections 12. gershwin medley: rhapsody in blue s'wonderful our love is here to stay they can't take that away from me summertime my man's gone now i loves you porgy fascinating rhythm i got rhythm someone to watch over me yamaha 34.95|palo alto software mpd9 - palo alto marketing plan v.9.0 pro - complete product - business planning - 1 user - complete product - standard - pc palo alto software mpd9 : marketing plan plan pro is the 1 selling marketing planning software providing everything you need to produce a profession marketing plan that gets results. cd-rom enclosed (no cd-rom with download only orders.) system ...  149.97
0|punch! ultimate deck and landscape ultimate deck & landscape integrates landscaping deck design and exterior home design. estimator and deck wizards aid in creating your ideal outdoor living space. get 3-d photorealistic fly-throughs drag-and-drop textures and landscaping--all with a single interface.use the software to see how your home exterior will integrate with your deck and landscape design. add stone siding or paint color to match your current home or view changes as a remodeling part of your project. when you're ready to landscape your home design just add your plantings to your existing file. the software lets you landscape without redrawing your house plan. your results are rendered in high-resolution 3-d complete with shadows just like a photograph.design the perfect deck for your home plan with ultimate deck. multilevel or multistory decks with 3-d photorealistic textures stairs railings object placement and color capabilities give you the ability to design exactly the deck you want. deck wizards walk you through railings baluster options and more. the deck & landscape estimator compiles building material and landscape planting information in a custom spreadsheet report as you draw. the editable and exportable spreadsheet is available right from the program. just add in costs and you'll have an accurate report of your expenses. punch! software 29|cisco pgw2200 include redundant ac v210 9.6.1sw 3000 call cntrl rtu  159787.95
0|printmaster 17 platinum by encore software printmaster 17 platinum by encore software encore software 39.99|intuit inc 284216 qckbks prem nonprofit ed 2005 quickbooks prem nonprofit ed 2005 win $120 in-box upgrader rebate offer valid for purchases made on or before 12/31/05  404
0|ca arcserve bkup r11.5 win client vss software snap-shot- prod only arcserve bkup r11.5 win client vss software snap-shot- prod only computer associates 0|sony online entertainment gods & heroes rome rising gods & heroes: rome rising is a unique massively multiplayer online role-playing game set in the legendary world of ancient rome. for the people of the great roman republic myths and legends were not mere tales magic was very real and their ...  49.5
0|poser figure artist poser figure artist win 2000 - xp/mac os 10.2 or later efrontier 99.99|microsoft windows xp home edition sp2 retail box top features fast user switching new simplified visual design windows media player windows messenger windows movie maker my pictures automatic updates internet explorer 6 remote assistance system restore network setup wizard tools and games for the ...  199.99
0|gods: lands of infinity - special edition the ancient world of bellarion struggled in the never ending war of gods. the conflict began when xarax ruler of the gods was murdered. each of the remaining gods claimed the right to the divine throne. after many battles the defeated gods refused to submit to the victors and instead summoned their armies to attack the worshippers of other gods. the deaths of those worshippers weakened the power of the conquering gods. after 2000 years of battles bellarion lay in ruins. no one was able to achieve victory until the god of darkness mortagon found a new weapon which resisted all magic and divine powers. as the last hope arswaargh the god of fire created vivien who he fashioned after his own astral body. arswaargh sent vivien through space and time to seek the counter-weapon needed to defy mortagorn but unfortunately she lost her divine essence while traveling through the magical portal to another world. vivien must now seek the gods of the new world gain back her power and search for the counter-weapon against mortagorn. gods: lands of infinity special edition is a blend of adventure and action in a turn-based setting. there is an array of missions and npc (non player characters) that players can add to their team. players must fight gain experience level and acquire new skills. the game is played out in the first-person perspective until gamers enter a battle encounter at which point the game goes into third-person turn-based battle. gods: lands of infinity special edition invites you into an exciting world full of adventures battles and quests of unearthly affairs. spend hours discovering the world of antasion trading and completing the lead quests of each race or kingdom and many side quests. highly advanced shader system providing realistic effects of natural ice water grass and other nature elements. animated environment with high-resolution photo-realistic textures over two hundred strategy first 29.99|mother goose - interactive storybook read along as your favorite golden books characters engage kids in countless activities. the exciting activities will help develop matching reasoning & critical thinking skills which include letter matching coloring time follow along and ...  8.95
0|leave the lights on (mac) the leave the lights on pack is a triple-shot of creepy fun that will have you playing until you're scared to go to bed! aspyr media 9.99|quickbooks pro 2007 win quickbooks pro 2007 for windows.  192.26
0|season ticket football 2003 season ticket football 2003 is a new football simulation that doesn't just challenge your finger speed -- it challenges your mind! atari 19.99|freeverse burning monkey solitaire 3d system requirements: os: 9.0 quicktime 5 ram requirements: 10 mb hard drive requirements: 15 mb  24.99
0|chronos stickybrain 3.0 (mac) stickybrain 3 is the easy way to store and organize miscellaneous information thatjust doesn't fit neatly anywhere else. this third generation note manager makes it easier than ever to find and access your notes from any application. stickybrain is bound to become one of the most used and useful pieces of software on your computer. tabbed note viewing so you can keep multiple notes open in a single window alarm viewer lets you review and dismiss multiple alarms at once drag photos to notes from the built-in iphoto and clip art browser chronos l.c. 34.99|98741h mobile phonetools - ( v. 4.0 ) - complete package - 1 user - cd - win motorola inc 98741h : usually ships in 24 hours : in stock : never lose your data if you lose your phone.  18.59
0|instant immersion japanese 2.0 with instant immersion japanese deluxe you'll get entertaining instruction on japanese that moves at your own pace. build your speaking skills with the advanced speech recognition tools while the expert lessons make learning to read & write japanese easier -- and more enjoyable. topics entertainment 19.99|adobe pagemaker 7.0 for mac version upgrade system requirements: mac minimum ram required 16mb recommended ram 32mb minimum disk space required 100 disk space measurement unit mb recommended disk space 150 required cpu type powerpc 601 required cpu speed 100mhz additional details power ...  79.99
0|adobe creative suite cs3 web premium [mac] adobe creative suite 3 web premium software is a complete solution for creating interactive websites applications user interfaces presentations mobile device content and other digital experiences. get everything you need to prototype your project design assets build web experiences and efficiently maintain and update content. photoshop cs3 extended for specialized image editing illustrator cs3 for vector graphics creation flash cs3 professional for interactive design dreamweaver cs3 for web design and development acrobat 8 professional for adobe pdf workflows build your prototype with adobe fireworks cs3 redefine the extraordinary in web design and development get the essential tools finally all your favorite tools are in one solution. design core assets and build your prototype with adobe photoshop cs3 extended adobe illustrator cs3 and adobe fireworks cs3 software. then bring your project to life with adobe dreamweaver cs3 and adobe flash cs3 professional the industry-leading web design and development tools. use adobe acrobat 8 professional software to quickly share design ideas and collect feedback from colleagues and clients and easily maintain the final project with adobe contribute cs3. creative suite 3 web premium is everything you need all in one place. discover intelligent integration return to your creative roots with intelligent integration that allows you to forget the tools and focus on the project. import files directly from illustrator cs3 to flash cs3 or cut and paste files from photoshop cs3 into dreamweaver cs3. take advantage of improved css workflow between dreamweaver and fireworks and improved rendering compatibility between dreamweaver and contribute. organize your assets with adobe bridge cs3 and coordinate your team with adobe version cue cs3. enjoy the latest workflows never before have there been so many opportunities for designers and developers to refine their current skill set while expanding into exciting new techniques and technologies. immerse yourself in online video creation with sophisticated web video tools. follow best practices with new css tools. explore the possibilities in mobile content authoring. expand into development with the spry framework for ajax and new flash actionscript 3.0 language. with creative suite 3 web premium the future is yours. visually manage assets in adobe bridge test mobile designs in adobe device central coordinate with team members using adobe version cue host real-time web-based meetings with adobe acrobat connect top new features of adobe creative suite 3 web premium powerful integration fluidly move assets across adobe photoshop cs3 extended adobe illustrator cs3 adobe flash cs3 professional adobe dreamweaver cs3 and adobe fireworks cs3 software. use adobe version cue cs3 adobe bridge cs3 and adobe stock photos to manage assets. prepare content for mobile devices with adobe device central cs3. more expressive interactive design explore new dimensions in digital design with new features in flash cs3 such as the pen tool shape primitives new filter effects and advanced video support. all these come alongside renowned interactive video animation and graphics capability plus high-quality text rendering. unrivaled image editing power perfect your images with new capabilities in adobe photoshop cs3 extended designed specifically for web professionals including features such as 3d editing animation support a new timeline and more. powerful flexible graphic design create editable and scalable vector artwork for web mobile and interactive design. adobe illustrator cs3 now features improved drawing performance and tools to help you apply and experiment with color. rapid prototyping use fireworks cs3 to rapidly prototype web designs. leverage a common library of prebuilt graphic symbols with customizable properties. move designs to flash cs3 professional and dreamweaver cs3 or leverage an extensible api to integrate with adobe flex software. emerging technologies prepare for the next generation of web technology while applying best practices. develop dynamic user interfaces with css and ajax add flash video and incorporate new standards-based user elements. mobile content authoring use adobe device central cs3 to design develop preview and test content for a wide range of mobile and consumer devices. easily show your work in numerous mobile device skins through built-in and regularly updated device profiles. browser and platform compatibility ensure your experience is consistent across operating systems browsers and platforms using the new browser compatibility check in dreamweaver cs3 and the adobe css advisor website an invaluable source of user-contributed solutions to css issues. macintosh or windows pick your platform. adobe creative suite 3 web premium software is available for mac os--including intel based macintosh computers--windows xp and windows vista. design in your preferred platform and then deliver across platforms with consistent results. easy web maintenance free yourself from simple web edits. with contribute cs3 enable individuals or workgroups to quickly and easily edit and publish content to websites and blogs from a controlled permissions-based application or from within microsoft applications. additional features best of the best get the newest versions of the award-winning tools integrated workflows and valuable utilities used to prototype design develop and maintain websites applications interactive experiences and mobile device content. flash video create and edit streaming and progressive flash video--and deploy progressive flash video--with comprehensive video support including a standalone video encoder alpha channel support a high-quality video codec embedded cue points video import support quicktime import closed-captioning and more. engaging interactivity incorporate rich interactivity into your projects. whether it's ajax interactivity in web page elements streaming interactive broadcasts or an interactive multi-user collaboration application adobe creative suite 3 web premium software has everything you need to draft and deploy your interactive vision on the web. latest technologies and standards keep pace with evolving technologies and standards. design with html and css; integrate with development technologies like xhtml xml adobe coldfusion asp asp.net jsp and php; test content across browsers and operating systems; and prepare for the new internet protocol version 6 (ipv6). actionscript 3.0 development go farther with actionscript 3.0 the high-performance object-oriented programming language for adobe flash player. explore a whole new world of customization using the rich language api libraries and expansive community support services. best practices easily apply best practices of web design and development. create consistent css-based designs with css layout and visualization tools. drag and drop an xml feed onto a web page. use the industry's first integrated tool for section 508 and wcag priority 2 checkpoints. reliability and innovation whether you're adding interactive video migrating to css conforming to accessibility regulations preparing for ipv6 conversion or experimenting with mobile content creative suite 3 web premium lets you work well today and grow for tomorrow. adobe creative suite 3: what's in each edition? adobe creative suite 3 editions design premium design standard web premium web standard production premium master collection adobe photoshop cs3 extended adobe photoshop cs3 adobe illustrator cs3 adobe indesign cs3 adobe acrobat 8 professional adobe flash cs3 professional adobe dreamweaver cs3 adobe contribute cs3 adobe fireworks cs3 adobe after effects cs3 professional adobe premiere pro cs3 adobe soundbooth cs3 adobe encore cs3 adobe onlocation * adobe ultra cs3 * additional features and services in adobe creative suite 3 adobe bridge cs3 adobe version cue cs3 adobe device central cs3 adobe dynamic link adobe stock photos adobe acrobat connect * adobe ultra runs on microsoft windows only. for macintosh users adobe onlocation requires bootcamp and windows (purchased separately) or a separate windows-based computer. adobe 1599|resumemaker premier resumemaker premier is the first ever commercially available complete job search program that's designed to help you land a job you can enjoy. it's the only software that's designed by certified professional career counselors with breakthrough ...  12.95
0|call of duty 2 dvd-rom (mac) call of duty 2 redefines the cinematic intensity and chaos of battle as seen through the eyes of the ordinary soldiers who fought there together. the epic wwii conflict is a sequel to call of duty and offers more immense more intense and more realistic battles than ever before. all-new enhancements deliver stunning realism and gameplay groundbreaking ai and choice-based gameplay innovations. choice-based gameplay lets you play through missions your way - individualize your tactics and play missions in the order you see fit multiplayer mayhem - go online for intense axis vs. allies team-based multiplayer action aspyr media 49.99|time money & fractions grades 1-2 workbook & cd-rom learning about time money and fractions can be challenging for many children. the detailed instructions and clear examples in this time money & fractions workbook will build your child's confidence and understanding.  12.99
0|riverdeep the print shop zoom dvd the print shop zoom takes your digital photos further. with a few quick clicks turn your photos into slick contemporary designs that will frame your subjects in the best light. stay true to the mix of simplicity and power that millions of users know and love. create your unique designs by navigating through three easy-to-use areas of the program. it's the simple way to create gorgeous banners business cards mailing labels letterhead calendars newsletters cd/dvd labels postcards invitations even hand-crafted cards. riverdeep 0|symantec symantec pcanywhere 12 0 host remote full version standard license package type: retail for 1 user/s mpn: 10529224  99.9
0|hp dss software - ( v. 4.0 ) - complete package ( t1936aa ua0 ) - marketing information: hp digital sending software 4.0 improves core business processes. digital sending streamlines critical business document handling and integrates with existing it infrastructures to maximize return mitigate risk and improve performance. product information - software sub type: document management - software name: digital sending software 4.0 - complete product - features and benefits: improve business efficiency: - shed those pounds of paper: hp dss 4.0 is the link you need between your hp multifunction and stand-alone digital sending devices and electronic distribution and storage - the key to a streamlined document capture-process-route system. the software integrates paperwork quickly into existing electronic workflows so your documents are processed sooner become more flexible and remain more readily available. - easily integrate into your existing infrastructure: the software leverages existing it infrastructure - network authentication e-mail addresses and fax services - for an increased return on your it investment. - simplify e-mail addessing with ldap: ldap (lightweight directory access protocol) support enhances the embedded send to e-mail capability of hp multifunction and stand-alone digital sending devices allowing access to company directory information such as e-mail addresses and distribution lists. this information is constantly updated and allows users to auto-complete e-mail addresses at the device. - index right hewlett packard (consumables) 630.36|larry cohn neil diamond yamaha neil diamond - the christmas album - smart pianosoft this innovative software series enables your disklavier mark iii piano to perform with the world's most popular cds! using yamaha's pianosmart technology this companion diskette will magically empower your disklavier mark iii to accompany the ...  14.86
0|marine aquarium & goldfish screen saver by encore software view marine life so vibrant you won't believe your eyes! gorgeous details have gone into creating the high-resolution fish models and reef tank for an indescribably realistic effect. achieve serenity from an exquisite marine habitat without the expense or maintenance of the real thing. so peaceful. so mesmerizing. with 26 exotic species of fish it's like having your very own aquatic paradise through your pc or mac. watch your 3d fish turn and swim just like real fish. enhance your aquarium with adjustable lighting bubble and sound effects. enjoy your fish in silhouette or in wire-frame mode. new marine fish enhance this version of the top-selling screensaver marine aquarium. plus included as an added bonus--the new goldfish aquarium 2.0. these two distinctive screensavers redefine ultimate-realism. encore software 0|classics the: the piano (audio book) a new worldwide audio standard for classical music! the high definition classics recordings produce an indescribable depth of sound. enjoy the lush classical sounds and dynamic interpretations of the piano an innovative 4-volume 16-disc audio ...  29.95
0|marine aquarium 2.5 virtual undersea paradise win/mac marine aquarium 2.0 is like having a small piece of an aquatic paradise in your home -- without having to take care of actual fish! encore software 19.99|the print shop(r) 22 the print shop 22 is like having your own creative agency at home! includes over 250000 images and graphics plus more than 18000 project templates. endless new images tools colors projects and artistic effects give you the power to create ...  29.99
0|sonicwall global vpn client - license ( 01-ssc-5310 ) license - - 1 user(s) - standard - pc handheld sonic systems inc. 0|peer reviews in software: a practical guide by karl eugene wiegers i will tell my friends and other folks in quality assurance and process management roles to run (don't walk) and buy peer reviews in software. in fact my organization could use this book right now. --brad appleton karl's writing is nicely ...  44.54
0|pc tools spyware doctor 2007 with pc tools' spyware doctor 2007 you've got real-time threat blocking advanced system scanning and immunity from browser infections. using spyware doctor you'll protect your pcs against those threats to your privacy and avoid being the victim of spyware adware trojans keyloggers spybots and other online dangers. it's the most effective way to handle spyware blocking. encore 29.95|oxford english/spanish dictionary expansion sd/mmc card for palm os(r) and pocket pc the oxford english/spanish (espaol/ingles) dictionary includes over 300000 words and phrases and more than a half-million translations from oxford university press. compiled by expert teams of spanish and english lexicographers this dictionary ...  49.99
0|partition commander 10 partition commander 10 (win 98 me 2000 xp vista) avanquest 49.95|onone software qx-tools pro 7 - upgrade   69.17
0|cisco security desktop agent ( csa-b250-dtop-k9 ) the cisco security agent consists of a management console resident on a microsoft windows 2000 server and host-based agents that are deployed on mission-critical desktops and servers. the agents use the http and secure sockets layer (ssl) protocols (128-bit ssl) for the management interface and for the communications between agents and the management console. the cisco security agent resides between the applications and the kernel enabling maximum application visibility with minimal effect on the stability and performance of the underlying operating system. the agent's unique architecture intercepts all system calls to file network and registry sources as well as to dynamic run-time resources such as memory pages shared library modules and component object model (com) objects. the agent applies unique intelligence to correlate behaviors of these system calls based on rules that define appropriate or acceptable behavior for a specific application. this correlation and subsequent understanding of an application's behavior is what allows the software as directed by the security staff to prevent new intrusions. when an application attempts an operation the agent checks the operation against the application's security policy making a real-time allow or deny decision on its continuation and determining if logging of the request is appropriate. security policies are collections of rules that it and/or security administrators assign to protected servers and desktops on an enterprise-wide basis or individually. these rules provide safe application access to required resources. by combining security policies implementing distributed firewall operating system lockdown integrity assurance malicious mobile code protection and audit event collection capabilities in default policies for servers and desktops the cisco security agent provides defense-in-depth protection for exposed corporate systems. because protection is based on blocking malicious behavior cisco systems (ciscopro) 0|psp(sm): a self-improvement process for software engineers from the publisher: the record of most software-development groups is embarrassing: more than half of all software projects are significantly late and over budget and nearly a quarter of them are cancelled without ever being completed. as a result ...  54.99
0|john deere: welcome to merriweather farm kids will delight to see johnny tractor (j. t.) and his friends allie gator and corey combine who live work and play at merriweather farm. follow their adventures as they plow the fields take care of the farm animals and harvest crops. global software publishing 19.99|global marketing partners icopydvds2 ultra by digital wunders full version dvd-rom  79.9
0|apple ilife '06 family pack (mac dvd) [older version] ilife '06 is the easiest way to make the most out of every bit of your digital life. use your mac to collect organize and edit the various elements. transform them into mouth-watering masterpieces with apple-designed templates. then share the magic moments in beautiful books colorful calendars dazzling dvds perfect podcasts and attractive online journals. all starring you. the family pack lets you install ilife '06 on up to five apple computers in your household. now it's easier than ever to edit your photos to perfection. all your photos in one place. iphoto 6 rebuilt for blazing performance iphoto makes sharing photos faster simpler and cooler than ever before. it also adds eye-opening features to the ones you already love including photocasting support for up to 250 000 photos easy publishing to the web special effects and new custom cards and calendars. so you can spread those smiles far and wide. a lifetime of photos at your fingertips -- your life is is one big photo opportunity -- which explains why your photo library is getting bigger every day. well good news: iphoto now supports up to 250 000 images. that means you can confidently shoot over a thousand photos per week for the next 20 years. (better get cracking.) navigating your larger library is a breeze now too. as you move the scroll bar a new see-through scroll guide appears to show you what photos or rolls are currently displayed. photocasting: a fantastic new way to share -- imagine sending an album of favorite photos to the family and having it change automatically on their computers when you update it on yours. that's what photocasting is all about. and it's amazingly easy. just create a photocast album in iphoto and publish it to .mac (password-protected if you wish). when cousin cindy subscribes she'll see it in her iphoto library just as you see it in yours -- with full-resolution photos that can be used for desktop pictures printed albums cards and calendars. and whenever you add or subtract to your photocast album it will change in hers. even people with pcs can enjoy an iphoto photocast because all it takes is an rss news reader to subscribe. dazzle with calendars greeting cards and books -- send a beautiful printed book of special photos to a friend. put your kid's happy face on the cover of a custom card to announce a birthday party. create a stylized personalized calendar that rivals the ones you see at your local mall. make all those things -- and many many more -- with typical iphoto ease. just choose a photo album click an apple-designed template and let iphoto work its magic. add captions fine-tune your layout then click to order -- your professionally printed masterwork is delivered right to your door. the website of your life -- it's one thing to share photos on the internet. it's something else to share them on a wonderfully designed personal website. thanks to the newest member of the ilife family -- iweb -- you can create a beautiful new photo page on your website in just minutes. heck if you can type those clever captions quickly enough maybe even seconds. simply export an iphoto album to iweb to create a new photo grid. drag photos to rearrange them if needed add those pithy words then publish. whoosh. your film your way -- done easily with imovie hd 6. score your movies with powerful audio tools. imovie hd 6 riveting performances. major effects. inspired directing. amazing how imovie has changed the way people look at home movies. now with more cinematic tools to offer imovie makes you even more comfortable in the director's chair. and the editor's chair. and the special effects guy's chair. and well you get the idea. imovie is the fastest and easiest way to turn home movies into dazzling hollywood-style hits. instant theme instant classic -- imovie themes give you moviemaking power you never imagined. just click one and the fun begins. each theme contains a collection of professionally designed scenes that give your movie a personality from start to finish -- including video and graphic overlays and advanced transitions. all you have to do is drag-and-drop your movie clips and photos into the scene's drop zones type in your titles and imovie does the rest. you get the quality of a feature film. without the cost overruns. now showing: major video effects -- you'll love the new video effects made possible by mac os x core video. you'll also love the fact that you can preview the results of your video effect choices in real time. at any size. right in the main window. imovie does all the rendering in the background so you can experiment to your heart's content. or just dive right into all your other creative options without delay. the sounds of cinema -- great movies sound as amazing as they look. so imovie comes complete with a sound studio built in. summoning the power of mac os x core audio imovie offers eight new audio effects including noise reduction (perfect for squelching the noise common to home movies) reverb pitch change a handy graphic equalizer and more. and with the ilife media browser you have full access to your original garageband songs. how's that sound? video podcasts and blogs with iweb -- use imovie to share with friends family and now -- the world. imovie working hand in hand with iweb makes it easy to publish video to websites and blogs. you can even use imovie to create video podcasts complete with chapter markers and live urls. using iweb you can submit your video podcast to the itunes podcast directory where it can be seen and subscribed to by everyone. the simple powerful idvd interface. choose from stunning menu templates. idvd 6 why rent someone else's masterpiece when you can create your own? from hollywood-style home movies to multimedia wedding albums to professional slideshow portfolios idvd 6 helps you put it all on dvd. and no ordinary dvd mind you. a jaw-dropping widescreen dvd with coordinated menus and ambient audio. a dvd with thoroughly professional polish. a dvd so captivating it will make it onto everyone's must-see list. magic idvd -- idvd has always made it easy to create beautifully designed dvds. now it's beyond easy. with the magic idvd feature all you have to do is choose a theme and select the movies and photos you want to include. idvd then automatically creates a complete dvd unified in design from start to finish including menu screens movies chapter menus and slideshows. you have to see it to believe it. want to join in the magic? use magic idvd as a starting point and edit from there. create widescreen dvds -- get the most out of that gorgeous new widescreen tv. with idvd 6 you can author dvds of your movies and photo slideshows in stunning widescreen format. you can even include content from both sd and hd video sources. idvd converts everything automatically so all your dvds play back beautifully. choose new idvd themes -- idvd 6 features 10 new apple-designed themes in idvd five of which are made to match imovie themes -- and all of them are available in both widescreen (16:9) and standard (4:3) formats. each theme includes a family of a three coordinated menus: a main menu a chapter menu for scene selection and an extras menu for slideshows and other content. talent to burn -- when you're ready to burn your dvd idvd is ready too. even if you're using a third-party dvd burner. idvd has built-in support for a wide variety of dvd media formats -- including dvd-r dvd-rw dvd+r dvd+rw and dvd+r dl. so now you have more options than ever. garageband lets you make music like a pro -- all on your mac. create podcasts that make you sound like a professional host. score your imovie creations. garageband 3 the best way to record music on a mac is now the best way to record podcasts. podcasting in garageband 3 puts you in the control room of your own full-featured radio station. and new iweb integration gets your voice on the internet in minutes. podcast artwork track -- now you can add a podcast artwork track just by dragging in images from your ilife media browser. drag in a title card with the name of your podcast and a picture of you. drag in different images for each chapter marker in your podcast so your listeners can also see visual cues. just position images on the artwork track so they correspond with your vocal track. raving about that amazing unsigned band you saw last night? drag in a photo of the gig right from your iphoto library. sound effects and jingles -- give your podcast professional polish by adding in sound effects and jingles from garageband's library of more than 200 podcast sounds. browse more than 200 sound effects -- including radio-style stingers and sounds from people animals and machines -- then drag them into your podcast to sync up with your vocal track. or add some musical accompaniment to your podcast. just browse garageband's library of more than 100 jingles and drag them into your podcast in 7 15 and 30-second snippets. you can add in sound effects and jingles during post-production or trigger them during live recording. podcast radio engineer -- garageband 3 includes a few features that function like your own personal podcast radio engineer so you can create podcasts that make you sound like a professional host. a built-in speech enhancer optimizes sound for your mac gender and vocal range improving the sound of your voice and simulating a professional microphone even when you're not using one. and a dynamic ducking effect automatically reduces music volume when you speak so your listeners always hear the talk above the tunes. ichat interview recording -- use ichat and garageband to record a talk show-style podcast in the time it takes you to carry on a friendly chat -- even if your guests are on the other side of the world. garageband lets you record remote guests from an audio or video ichat conference. just start chatting and garageband simultaneously records the audio -- one track for each guest complete with buddy name and icon so you know who's saying what and when. and if you're using isight cameras to record the action garageband takes a photo snapshot of each guest every time he or she speaks. one-click iweb publishing -- finished recording your podcast? time to get it on the internet with garageband and iweb. from garageband send your podcast to iweb where you can create a new podcast series or add to an existing series. then click publish to get your podcast on the web via your .mac account. it's that easy. iweb even lets you submit your podcast to the itunes music store so you can attract new fans. imovie scoring -- the new video track in garageband makes it easy to add an original music score to your movies. and don't worry about your musical talent -- or lack thereof. just use garageband's included loops or try a combination of loops software instruments or any previous audio recordings you created. you can even use garageband to add cinematic sound effects such as footsteps and creaking doors. when you're ready save your scored imovie project as a quicktime video then send it to idvd for burning or publish it to the internet via iweb. the internet is calling. answer with iweb. choose from beautiful website templates. publish your blog quickly and easily. iweb the internet is calling. answer. use iweb to create websites and blogs -- complete with podcasts photos and movies -- and get them online fast. just drag drop and design using your choice of web templates then publish live to your .mac account. apple-designed templates -- let iweb help you build a beautiful website in minutes using apple-designed templates. just choose a website theme that fits your style. each theme offers page templates for about me photo album blog podcast and movie pages so you'll always have the perfect place for your content. use the ilife media browser to drag in your photos movies and podcasts then simply type over the placeholder text on your page template and click once to publish to .mac. ilife media browser -- every website needs content. your podcast page needs audio. your photo page needs images. your blog needs links to your favorite music. and that's why iweb needs the ilife media browser. using the media browser you can access all your ilife content -- photos video audio -- without leaving iweb. drag in the podcast or song you recorded in garageband earlier today. or the iphoto album of your vacation. or your latest imovie project. whatever you want to share you'll find it in the ilife media browser. blogging -- use iweb to start your own weblog and add new entries as easily as writing an email. choose a blog template type in your own text and drag in photos from the ilife media browser. iweb takes care of everything else setting up navigation for your blog creating a summary page and adding an entry archive. iweb also handles the rss feed for your blog so anyone can subscribe. and when you're done adding an entry just one click publishes your blog via .mac. podcasting -- when it comes time to take your podcasts live iweb gives you a simple stylish way to do it. either send your podcast to iweb from garageband or start in iweb with a podcast page template and drag your podcast in from the ilife media browser. type over placeholder text to add a brief description of your podcast then click once to publish it to the internet using your .mac account. iweb takes care of the rss feed for your podcast and lets you submit podcasts to the itunes music store where anyone can listen and subscribe. one-click .mac publishing -- sharing your website with the world is now one-click simple. with iweb and a .mac membership you can publish your entire website -- complete with blog entries photo albums links to photocasts movies and podcasts -- to the internet in a single click. no configuration no hassle. just click publish and iweb automatically publishes your entire site to the internet where anyone with a web browser can see it. iweb even lets you announce your website via email so friends and family stay in the loop. ilife '06 family pack information the family pack software license agreement allows you to install and use one copy of the apple software on up to a maximum of five apple-labeled computers at a time as long as those computers are located in the same household and used by persons who occupy that same household. by household apple means a person or persons sharing the same housing unit such as a home apartment mobile home or condominium. this license does not extend to students who reside at a separate on-campus location or to business or commercial users. apple computer 99|encore software 10538 - adventure workshop preschool 7 by the learning company encore software 10538 : encore software adventure workshop preschool 7 by the learning company - 10538  17.97
0|punch! professional home design suite 12 programs in one intuitive easy-to-use interface... powerful professional tools to help you design all of the critical components of your home including foundations hvac electrical plumbing custom windows custom roofs and much much more! punch! software 69.99|elementary school space - the universe (pc/mac) fogware take a closer look at the planets and mdash;their moons and distinguishing features of each the sun and stars constellations sunspots the greenhouse effect photosynthesis and the universe including comets meteors galaxies and amp; black ...  9.99
0|e frontier manga studio debut 3.0 (single user) manga studio 3.0 debut gives you the power and flexibility to create top quality manga and comic art. design your comic with precision and freedom using the same manga drawing software used by professionals in japan. curious labs inc. 49.99|three-to-a-page itemized invoice checks descriptive invoice box printed on check for listing invoice numbers and notes.no carbons no mess! choose 1- or 2-part carbonless safety paper checks in your choice of blue green or yellow tint background.stub records date amount and name of ...  65.19
0|h&r block taxcut 2006 premium federal h&r block taxcut premium federal has everything you need in one comprehensive program for any tax situation from 1040ez to schedule c. step-by-step interviews provide guidance customized to your unique needs. h&r block taxcut: the ease you want. the accuracy you expect. guaranteed. seamless integration find every feature and form from last year's deluxe and premium in just one program and let taxcut seamlessly import your data from last year's taxcut or turbotax as well as quicken and microsoft money. customized to your needs make the most of money-saving deductions. receive guidance on claiming dependents taking a home office deduction and much more. save money with useful tips covering charitable donations rentals dividends interest capital gains and more. backed by professionals taxcut is the only do-it-yourself tax program backed by the experienced tax professionals at h&r block america's largest tax services company. estate planning empowerment includes complimentary copy of willpower software with valuable estate planning guidance and legal documents. interactive video library make sense of changing tax laws and achieve maximum deductions. extension interview included with any federal taxcut software purchase. kiplinger's tax and financial planning library make the most of your money with tax and financial information. irs publications view the most up-to-date irs publications. schedule c features extra help with depreciation business expenses and home deductions. investor assistance quickly determine the true cost basis for stocks bonds or mutual funds and tax consequences associated with company incentives and employee stock. additional tools for home owners assistance with mortgage deductions and capital gains tax liability when selling a home. worry-free audit support features irs correspondence management h&r block will assist with all communication that is initiated by the irs/state department of revenue(s) audit preparation h&r block will provide detailed information regarding how to prepare for an audit and extend an offer for an h&r block enrolled agent to represent you in the event an audit.* audit representation an h&r block enrolled agent guides you through what to expect during the audit attends the audit with you and helps you manage the entire audit experience. worry-free audit support rest easy knowing h&r block is there to help in the event of an audit. from outlining what to expect and providing guidance on how to prepare for an audit to having an h&r block enrolled agent represent you before the irs upon your request h&r block can help you manage the process. how it works: 1. successfully e-file* your individual resident income tax return (federal or state) using taxcut or taxcut online (with paid federal return) and you are eligible to receive audit support at no additional charge for your 2005 return. 2. retain your e-file confirmation email for worry-free audit support confirmation. 3. if you receive a notice from the irs or state department of revenue or are audited h&r block will provide you with assistance with the notice and/or offer to provide you with an h&r block enrolled agent to represent you if you are audited.* 4. call 1-800-hrblock to initiate audit services that you may need. conditions apply. view the complete terms and conditions for details. questions & answers: q. can i do my taxes by hand and then sign up for worry-free audit support? a. no. h&r block worry-free audit support is only offered for returns e-filed with an h&r block digital tax product. q. who will benefit using worry-free audit support? a. those clients who want no surprises after filing their taxes. it's a smart way to make sure you're covered no matter how complex your tax situation. the benefits of worry-free audit support will be invaluable in the event that you need representation because the irs questions your tax return. q. what is an enrolled agent? a. enrolled agents are tax professionals who have demonstrated special competence in tax matters and can represent taxpayers before the irs. enrolled agents do not provide legal representation signed power of attorney required. void where prohibited. q. what are the services offered with worry-free audit support? * enrolled agents do not provide legal representation signed power of attorney required. void where prohibited. h&r block 19.99|sara davis buechner george gershwin - warsaw concerto/ second rhapsody includes ?warsaw concerto? composed by richard addinsell ?laura? and ?love is for the very young? by david raksin and george gershwin's ?second rhapsody.?  25.77
0|delorme topo usa mapping software 6.0 west region topo usa 6.0 western region makes it a snap to get yourself used to unfamiliar territory wherever you travel in the western united states. it's got the mapping tools and information you need to plan out any trip. wherever you want to go topo usa 6.0 for the western region will help you get there. print out 2d & 3d maps with complete route profiles and your own mapnotes add draw objects on a map scale that provides the detail you want delorme 49.95|window washer a pc magazine editors choice award winner window washer 6.0 improves pc performance in just minutes by cleaning out system clutter. additionally window washer protects your privacy by washing away online activities that are traced through your i  22.99
0|macdrive 7 macdrive 7 is the ultimate solution for sharing files between mac os and windows. there are no special steps and nothing new to learn -- just install macdrive and windows becomes a cross-platform file sharing powerhouse. once macdrive is installed you'll forget it's even there -- and wish you'd installed it sooner. it's perfect for graphic design audio video education digital photography publishing word processing cad/cam database administration and much more. macdrive 7 works with just about anything you can throw at it - hard drives cd-r/rw dvd rw/ r floppies ipods flash drives zip jaz mo dmg virtual disk files and more mediafour corporation 49.95|abacus software 5563 abacus 5563 - private pilot ii this new package is a set of exciting light planes that will give you ample room flexibility to not only learn but to master the skills needed by every private pilot. when starting out beginning pilots learn to fly the smaller single-engine ... abacus software 28.99
0|peachtree by sage complete accounting 2007 peachtree by sage complete accounting 2007 is deal for small businesses that demand accuracy control and better business results. advanced features such as the business status center online bank reconciliation peachtree bill pay and in-depth inventory reporting make peachtree complete accounting the choice for small businesses that want to excel. monitor your business in one place using a new integrated view of key measurements and indicators. view larger. navigation centers provide an easy way to learn your way around peachtree. view larger. quickly and easily pay your vendors bills and invoices right from within peachtree. no more printing and mailing checks! view larger. peachtree uses the concept of tickets to track time and expenses. there are two types of tickets: time tickets and expense tickets. the difference between time and expense tickets is the type of service or item the ticket references. view larger. use the inventory reports to keep track of the amount and cost of inventory. choose from up to 14 inventory reports to help you better manage your business. view larger. easy startup easy to learn just minutes after installing the software helpful features like an improved setup guide and preparation checklist navigation centers wizards and a guided tour will make it easy for you to start tracking your finances. the software's navigation centers offer a quick and intuitive way to navigate and gain access to your company's information. from one screen you can conveniently view and drill into lists reports setup screens graphs and more. the software's guided tour and new company setup wizard will take all the mystery out of getting started. best of all if you're moving into peachtree from quickbooks a easy-to-use conversion utility will convert your quickbooks data (versions 4.0 to 2006 basic through enterprise). control choice and flexibility with the software's internal accounting review you can run up to 15 checks at any time on your peachtree data and search for common accounting mistakes such as duplicate transactions and cash receipts that do not debit the correct general ledger cash account. by taking advantage of the online bank reconciliation feature you'll reduce the time it takes to reconcile your bank accounts. simply download your bank statement into peachtree and items that have cleared your bank are matched up with existing entries in peachtree for faster reconciliation. transactions that are missing from peachtree can easily be created from information supplied by your bank. because the software's quick entry account register looks just like your checkbook register you'll feel right at home but unlike a checkbook the quick entry register allows you to drill down into each transaction for more detail. you will know instantly the payment status of each purchases or invoice so you can easily stay on top of who owes you and who you owe. these features combine to let you track each invoice until it's paid. online bill payment half the battle to running your own business is being able to keep track of the bills you need to pay. peachtree complete accounting lets you write your checks and pay your bills as if you were working in your own checkbook. and with the software's enhanced reporting features you can even filter out the bills that need to be paid according to date amount due discounts and more. this helps you prioritize exactly how you spend your money. you may also have the option of paying your bills online with the new peachtree bill pay service. (note: this feature is subject to approval and requires additional fees.) this easy-to-use and secure service provides you greater control over an integral component of your company's success -- your cash flow. powerful inventory features with advanced features that let you keep track of your inventory peachtree complete accounting keeps you on top of your company's assets at all times. peachtree will not only automatically update your inventory after you invoice your customers or purchase new stock from vendors it will also let you easily create and track inventory items in a product line by defining attributes such as size color or any attributes you define. with this functionality you can automatically create and maintain reports for easy cross-selling tracking and maintaining. peachtree payroll and tax solutions payroll is a crucial element of doing business. to help you better focus on growing your business you can make your payroll processing easier and simpler by choosing the optional peachtree payroll service and in-house payroll with peachtree payroll tax. (separate charges will apply to these services.) but if you want to go it alone peachtree complete accounting can track time using the time card features and never enter information twice. your employees simply enter hours on daily or weekly forms and the time information then flows automatically into both invoices and paychecks. robust reporting tools peachtree complete accounting provides all the reporting and analysis tools you need to know at all times where your business stands. you can choose from over 125 reports -- and customize them to look the way you want them -- to better track forecast and budget your finances and get the information vital to your business's success and growth. peachtree's financial manager function can help you to get an instant snapshot view of your business's overall financial performance. you can review such popular ratios as cost of sales profit margins and more as well as up-to-the-minute balances on cash accounts receivable and other vital information. and you can quickly and easily perform what if analyses to understand the impact of changing business conditions with the peachtree cash manager. time-saving at-a-glance features by giving you all the tools you need to gather your company's information into one place you'll manage your business better than ever. you'll be able to find view drill down print and e-mail the precise information you need. you can even quickly create mass mailings or e-mail blitzes and other notifications such as customer newsletters thank you notes and more from the contact information and transaction information that's contained in your peachtree database. when you enter contact information in either peachtree or microsoft outlook on your vendors customers or employees the contact information will be synchronized between the two applications. an ongoing synchronization process will automatically keep your contact information in both applications up to date. in short there's no limit to the ways that peachtree complete accounting will help you keep track of every aspect of your business thereby improving your cash flow and bottom line. sage software 269.99|cindy blackman rittor music multiplicity: cindy blackman's drum world - vhs video from jazz to rock to funk and bebop to kravitz super-drummer cindy blackman gives it up in her first instructional video. a woman with many facets she performs six songs with her band covering a multitude of styles in both acoustic and electric ...  18.5
0|cakewalk sonar home studio 6 cakewalk sonar home studio 6 takes your music further faster than ever. musicians on a budget don't have to sacrifice features for affordability anymore -- sonar 6 provides you with tools that let you perfect your tracks. record and mix at the highest possible quality with a range of powerful features that adapts to your unique style of music creation. at every step of your production -- from composing with virtual instruments to recording mixing and beyond -- you'll fast forward your music production. sonar home studio 6 introduces cakewalk publisher a new tool that helps users publish and present their music online. cakewalk publisher allows sonar home studio customers to create a customized online streaming music player with playlists of their music that can then be directly uploaded from sonar home studio to band websites myspace pages and other internet sites. 10 new professional audio effects. active controller technology (act) lets users easily control and automate effects instruments and their mix from midi controllers by automatically remapping controls to whatever has the focus. rip from and burn to cd directly from sonar home studio. automate tracks effects and instruments easily with enhanced automation tools. midi input quantize corrects the timing of midi performances in real-time. freeze tracks effects and virtual instruments to conserve cpu power. native and fully integrated support for vst plug-ins no wrapper required dropzone sampler with extended library of instrument sounds including a drum pack and bass pack cakewalk publisher lets users present and stream their music on the internet cakewalk 139|encore software 10598 - registry mechanic - win 98 me 2000 xp encore software 10598 : how smooth does your computer run? registry mechanic will safely scan clean repair and optimize the windows registry with a few simple mouse clicks. system requirements: windows 98se/me/2000 sp4/xp (home and pro) sp1 ...  26.97
0|my maillist & addressbook the easy way to manage your names addresses and more! quickly print out labels postcards and envelopes. use fonts colors logos and the thousands of clip art images that are included. mysoftware company 19.95|adobe(r) photoshop(r) cs windows full version upgrade today to adobe photoshop cs with adobe imageready(r) cs software and be more productive than ever before. innovative features help you design faster improve image quality and manage your files for the timesaving efficiency every ...  590.92
0|symantec mail security for smtp 5.0 smb av cd 5u gov  symantec 0|hal leonard rachmaninoff piano concerto no. 2 in c minor op. 18 includes: adagio sostenuto ? allegro scherzando ? moderato.  25.77
0|ibm viavoice advanced v.10  nuance communications inc. 0|adobe cs3 design premium upgrade system requirements powerpc g4 or g5 or intel core processor mac os x v10.4.8 java runtime environment 1.5 1gb ram 6.3gb free hard-disk space (additional space required during installation) 1024 x 768 display resolution with 16-bit video card ...  619.99
0|diskeeper 2007 pro premier 5-lic pack - marketing information: diskeeper pro premier provides unparalleled peak performance for power users and high powered workstation computing delivering the ultimate in high performance to those who need it most. product information - software sub type: disk management - software name: diskeeper 2007 pro premier edition - complete product - platform support: pc license information - license type: complete product - license pricing: standard - license quantity: 5 workstation miscellaneous - compatibility: file system support: - ntfs (new technology file system) - fat16 (file allocation table) and fat32 file system formats disk subsystems supported: - primary partitions - extended partitions - logical drives - volume sets - raid arrays (hardware and software) - mirrored disks - mounted volumes (letter-less drives) diskeeper corporation 736.66|pxl smartscale for mac/win one image any size.  159.95
0|symc ghost solution suite 2.0 media - marketing information: the industryandquot;s most widely used corporate imaging and deployment solution symantec ghost is a proven trusted and affordable solution for the imaging and management of windows and linux systems. it provides easy-to-use imaging deployment operating system migration software distribution pc personality migration (user data settings and profiles) hardware and software inventory and secure system retirement. product information - software sub type: system management - software name: ghost solution suite v.2.0 - media only - features and benefits: - remote deployment of operating systems and applications with ghost console - sector-based and file-based disk imaging creates file images of any fat ntfs ext2 and ext3 file system - client staging area for storing files and images on the client machines is preserved during a system restore or os migration - fast and easy deployment of new systems migration of user data and settings and system updates - deploy individual files to multiple recipients simultaneously with multicast file transfer - safely retire and dispose of pcs with secure data disposal that meets u.s. department of defense standards - more effective management of image and software deployments with hardware and software inventory - suite contents: - ghost - client migration - deploycenter library license information - license type: media only symantec 35.57|panda software gatdef performa anti-spam mod 2001-3k 1yr - a1pgdpcash-gov   14
0|scholastic brain play: pre-kindergarten - 1st grade scholastic's brain play preschool-1st grade is designed for growing young minds. these games will develop essential learning skills that children need most. they'll pick up important reading math logic and typing skills. special workbooks reinforce the lessons and build stronger skills through practice. topics entertainment 19.99|roxio toast 8 titanium cdr software requirements: macintosh computer with a powerpc g4 powerpc g5 or intel processor cd dvd or blu-ray disc recordable drive mac os x v10.4.8 or higher 250 mb of free disk space to install up to 15 gb of temporary free disk space during usage ...  82.99
0|flash remoting 1 alp ret eng cd 2u - marketing information: macromedia flash remoting mx provides the connection between macromedia flash and your web application server making it fast and easy to create rich internet applications. with its powerful yet simple programming model you can easily integrate rich macromedia flash content with applications built using macromedia coldfusion mx microsoft .net java and soap-based web services. product information - software sub type: web designing/publishing - software name: macromedia flash remoting mx - complete product - features and benefits: lower costs and accelerate development: - easily access business logic - simplify your team workflow - streamline your testing and debugging - continue to use xml build robust scalable rich internet applications: - deploy in your native application server environment - promote well-designed applications - simplify recordset handling - use built-in application server features connect flash to leading application server technologies: - use your existing web application server - easily access web services from macromedia flash - deploy consistently across platforms and devices - language support: international english - platform support: pc - platform support: ultrasparc license information - license type: complete product - license pricing: standard - license quantity: 2 processor adobe 3314.09|steve james homespun video blues/roots guitar - fingerpicking and slide from the delta to new orleans steve james a favorite performer on the contemporary acoustic blues circuit details five pieces in different blues styles for the learning guitar student. he covers texas and delta-style fingerpicking a new orleans jazz-blues tune and bottleneck ...  22.13
0|microsoft licenses project svr sa govt (h2200301) microsoft project server win32 english software assurance open license program local government microsoft licenses 3601.4|onone software pxe-11433 pxl smartscale elect 1-user english mac/win seeing is believing. using pxl smartscale youll have complete control of the overall sharpness edge contrast and detail. powered by the most advanced scaling technology available pxl smartscale offers an easy intuitive way to scale images up to ... onone software 158.99
0|scrabble champion edition  encore 19.95|dvo enterprises inc. cookn cd recipe cards 150 printer-ready decorative 3x5 recipe cards. package includes a magnetic recipe card holder to protect the cards from spills and splatters and the cook`n favorites cd with 150 delicious recipes from five of our best selling products.  17.55
0|roxio toast 8 titanium roxio toast 8 sets the standard for burning cds dvds and now blu-ray discs on the mac. create superior sounding audio cds with crossfades. enjoy your tv shows anywhere with exclusive eyetv burning and tivotogo transfers to dvd or ipod. copy your audio cds movies and dvds. it's your digital life toast it! tv shows anywhere you want themenjoy your favorite tv shows on dvd or on-the-go with toast's exclusive support for tivo and eyetv digital video recorders. watch your tivo recorded shows on your mac burn your shows to dvd or divx disc or convert for your ipod psp or other portable player. fred & barney. gilligan & the skipper. ernie & bert and now... tv & toast - another perfect tv pair disc catalog. what's on that disc?ever wonder what's on that disc you burned 2 years ago? now you can automatically catalog and browse the contents of your discs - even when the discs are no longer in the mac. works great on discs burned with toast and other discs such as your audio cds. toast is the easiest way to burn and the toast disc catalog is the easiest way to find what you've burned. mac & pc data spanningburn files and folders of any size across multiple discs. now you can safely backup massive video files or your itunes library and easily access on any mac or windows pc. only toast breaks through the size limitations that the mac os and all other burning software have. superior quality audio cds and dvds.create great sounding audio cd mixes with features from roxio's jam software - smooth dj-style crossfades sound enhancing audio unit filters and automatic level adjustment. now anyone can sound like a pro even if they aren't with toast's audio cds and dvds. mac & pc photo discs.easily share your photos with friends and family with the new toast photo disc. store thousands of pictures at full resolution on a standard format disc for any mac pc or photo finishing kiosk. each disc displays a high quality slideshow so you can enjoy the photos right away. copy & convert dvds. pass the popcorn.backup an entire 9 gb dvd to a standard 4.7 gb dvd disc. fit-to-dvd compression uses all available disc space to maximize video quality. toast features director's cut custom compilations so you can select specific video audio and languages for your dvd or convert dvds and video files for your ipod psp divx or other portable video player. audio conversion assistantgo back to the future and bring your classic lps and tapes into the digital age. the cd spin doctor assistant guides you step-by-step through everything from setting up the equipment to recording to splitting the audio into tracks and adding song information. burn to disc or enjoy on your ipod. only toast helps you rediscover your music on cd and dvd. blu-ray disc burning.store up to 12 500 music tracks 50 000 photos or 4 hours of hd video on a single 50 gb blu-ray disc. toast dynamic writing lets you use your blu-ray disc recorder like a giant hard disk drive - drag and drop directly onto the disc icon to add or remove files. blu-ray burning is here today and only toast makes it possible on the mac. features photo & video new! tivotogo transfers to dvd ipod or psp new! custom dvd menu backgrounds improved! eyetv burning to dvd divx or blu-ray disc improved! import and burn shows from set-top dvd recorders new! full quality photo archive disc with slideshows improved! video copy to ipod psp mobile phone and more music new! roxio jam pro-quality audio mastering tools new! dynamic dj-style crossfades and transitions new! audio processing volume normalizing and track trimming improved! 50+ hour music dvds with dolby digital sound improved! vinyl lp and tape conversion to cd dvd or ipod burning & copying improved! one-click copy of audio cds and movie dvds new! file recovery for damaged discs new! director's cut custom copy compilations new! preview movies and extras before copying improved! fit-to-dvd compression of 9 gb onto a 5 gb disc new! mac & pc data spanning new! cataloging and tracking of burned discs contents new! blu-ray disc support for burning up to 50 gb new! blu-ray disc burning directly from the desktop new! integrated file browsing data filters and spotlight search file support audio: aac aiff mp3 wav m4a ogg flac and dolby digital ac-3 video: avi dv mov mpeg-1/2/4 divx xvid vob video_ts folder imovie projects eyetv recordings tivotogo transfers photo: bmp gif pdf psd png tiff images: iso bin/cue img dmg cdr nrg ui enhancements streamlined user interface floating media browser rich informative visual feedback customer-driven refinements roxio 99.95|global marketing partners mcid - global marketing magicard id professional software - educational software - complete product global marketing partners mcid : magicard id professional badging software for magicard opera 100 and avalon 100 printers. includes unlimited database entries (magicard id standard limited to 50 entries) and database import/export. magicard id ...  210.97
0|emedia essential bass guitar emedia essential rock guitar's 45 easy-to-follow lessons range from basics such as stringing and tuning your electric guitar to playing power chords and lead licks. the lessons were developed by professional rock guitar instructor charles mccrone a graduate of the cutting edge guitar institute of technology (git) with more than 25 years of teaching experience. with these song-based lessons learning to play rock guitar is fun and easy! emedia 19.95|h&r block taxcut premium federal and state software for windows - usb tax & finance software taxcut premium federal and state software for windows - usb flash drive the taxcut premium federal and state software from h&r block is a tax preparation program that gives you the tools necessary to prepare and file your federal and state income ...  29.95
0|winway resume deluxe 11.0 network 10 the job market has changed. getting hired is harder than ever. winway resume deluxe 11.0 gives you the edge you need to win interviews more often - and get the job you deserve. it's powerful and complete - and it couldn't be easier to use. the result: a resume that's just what employers are looking for. this new version improves upon the 1 selling resume program on the market featuring an enhanced resume auditor the foolproof system to catch mistakes before employers do. it also includes a new save as pdf feature that makes it easier than ever to send your resume to prospective employers. nova development 0|quicken(r) quickbooks(r) microsoft money(r) and simply money(r) elegant laser checks add style to your laser or inkjet checks!choose from several designs. all the great features of the laser checks but in your choice of elegant beige stripes with teal border light blue marble finish with darker blue border or light tan parchment ...  114.99
0|dora the explorer: dora's world adventures  activision 19.99|dreamcatcher interactive mark the fanatic terrorists are planning the ultimate strike: from the son of a russian millionaire they have obtained a nuclear warhead ? and from iraq a carrier rocket. their target: london england! two specialists have been called to stop the madness. ...  26.14
0|creating keepsakes scrapbook designer version 2 platinum the ultimate resource for creating amazing scrapbooks!product informationif you're serious about creating beautiful one-of-a-kind personalizedscrapbooks then creating keepsakes scrapbook designer platinum is the funeasy-to-use software that wi riverdeep - learning company 39.99|24p8070 ibm fastt storage manager vmware host kit - complete package - 1 user ibm 24p8070 : usually ships in 24 hours : : this vmware host kit is an optional feature of the fastt storage manager software that helps provide flexible and efficient use of storage in a heterogeneous vmware environment.  712.67
0|small business server 2003 20u cal addpak user manufacturer: microsoft corporation.manufacturer part number: t74-00004license type: additive licenselicense pricing: standardlicense quantity: 20 user cal microsoft 0|magix movie edit pro 12 (pc) magix entertainment key features: easy to use dolby digital sound add background music create hd-dvd discs one-click functions windows 2000/xp/vista ...  49.99
0|the sims 2: open for business expansion pack in sims 2: open for business you'll get to design your own clothing boutique beauty salon florist high-end electronics shop bustling restaurant chain or virtually any other type of business. hire your staff as the business grows and put talented sims to work making toys running the register crafting floral bouquets giving sales pitches or manufacturing robots. but watch out for slacker employees and be prepared to fire them on the spot. will you build a thriving business empire or become an eccentric entrepreneurs designing the next big thing? create a thriving business selling just about anything from clothing electronics and toys to flowers baked goods robots and more expansion pack - requires use with aya sims2 aspyr media 34.99|practical software reuse by michel ezran 9781852335021 right context software reuse promises high value to businesses that develop software opening the door to radical improvements in their software capability (productivity cost time to market). attempts to adopt reuse without a sound understanding ...  63.95
0|write brothers dramatica pro win/mac dramatica pro 4 (win 95 98 me nt 2000 xp/mac 10.2 or higher) write brothers 269.99|allume internet cleanup 4.0 requires mac os x 10.4 or later...  29.99
0|mindjet mindmanager 7 mac single license mindjet mindmanager 7 mac - single user w/wmedia mindjet 129|apple final cut express hd 3.5 video editing software for mac av production software final cut express hd 3.5 video editing software for mac the final cut express hd 3.5 video editing software for mac from apple is aimed at intermediate video editors who have outgrown imovie but aren't quite ready for final cut pro. this ...  299
0|sony acid music studio acid music studio 6 was designed for the serious home recording musician. it ahs all the tools you'd use in a professional studio turning your pc into a one-stop mixing and engineering device. supports import editing transcoding and exporting in wav mp3 and other popular formats burn your perfect mix cd or publish your music online sony pictures digital entertainment 69.99|ibm/lotus bj0dsml tiv stor mgr v5.3.0 mp ml md pk tiv stor mgr v5.3.0 mp ml md pk  259.49
0|microsoft windows vista business full version [dvd] the microsoft windows vista business (dvd-rom) helps your business run more efficiently than ever before. designed to keep your network running smoothly and securely without excessive reliance on dedicated it support windows vista business is the primary edition of windows vista for business desktop and mobile pcs. windows sidebar gives you quick access to gadgets like picture slide shows windows media player controls or news headlines. you pick the gadgets you want to see in windows sidebar. view larger. use instant search to quickly find the information you need. view larger. use flip 3d to navigate through open windows using the scroll wheel on your mouse. view larger. windows vista aero provides spectacular visual effects such as glass-like interface elements that you can see through. compare windows vista editions. security alerts enable you to quickly resolve potentially damaging issues that can harm your windows vista pc. view larger. use the new sync center to manage the synchronization of your data with other pcs or the devices you connect to your pc. view larger. starting and managing file sharing and application collaboration is easy and intuitive. view larger. windows vista provides a single destination where you can access all of the related backup and restore features. view larger. windows fax and scan simplifies your document handling and communication needs. view larger. ideal for organizations of all sizes this software provides dramatic new infrastructure improvements enabling it staff to spend more time adding strategic value to the business and less time troubleshooting glitches. windows vista business also offers powerful new ways to organize find and share information while helping people stay better connected in the office and on the road. easier faster access to information windows vista business features windows aero a new interface that delivers higher levels of efficiency for any business user. this easy-to-use interface makes it a snap to navigate through the operating system and from application to application. most importantly windows aero helps you juggle multiple tasks at once by providing a three-dimensional real-time animated view of all your open applications and documents. in addition to these navigation improvements windows vista business makes it easier than ever to manage huge volumes of business documents. by integrating search throughout the operating system and providing new ways to organize files this software helps you quickly find exactly what you are looking for. collaborate and communicate more effectively windows vista business helps your work teams collaborate and communicate more effectively regardless of their location. by helping users find and use information quickly and easily this software can dramatically improve how people in your organization access and apply essential knowledge and resources on pcs in e-mail from corporate servers and on the internet. improved security and compliance protecting your business information and complying with regulations places increased demands on your it staff. windows vista business' more sophisticated data protection and auditing capabilities help simplify it management and can help lower costs for regulatory compliance. in addition with features like the encryption file system windows vista helps organizations manage security risks by protecting information and services in a more controllable and secure environment. safe operation for businesses of any size windows vista business makes it possible for your it department to configure users' systems so that they can log onto their pcs as standard users instead of as administrators. this helps minimize compatibility and usability issues that might have occurred in previous versions of windows while also making those issues easier to resolve. moreover this new capability significantly reduces the likelihood of a malicious attack causing damage to your organization's pcs. keep your network running smoothly for small businesses windows vista business includes new technology and tools to ensure your pcs are always up-to-date more secure and running smoothly. for instance this software helps make your pcs safer with built-in protection against malicious software or malware. and because windows vista business warns you of impending hardware failures early on you don't have to worry about the devastating loss of any important business data. no matter what potential problems arise an array of sophisticated new backup technologies helps protect your information even in the event of a catastrophic hardware failure. when it comes to management features like domain join and group policy support improve the efficiency of your workgroups. small business resources and for those who are not full-time it professionals but have roles that require them to support their organizations' pcs windows vista business includes small business resources. this built-in how-to guide leads you through everyday tasks and troubleshooting in easy-to-follow non-technical language. by giving you the ability to solve problems as they arise you can help keep your business efficient. windows vista business also provides business specific features like fax and scan that increase productivity. image-based installation for larger organizations windows vista business has been designed from the ground up to improve the deployment and management of the central operating system. for instance image-based installation is now the default method for installing the windows vista operating system and the images are no longer hardware-dependent. these two key design principles enable your organization to dramatically reduce the number of images you are required to manage and streamline the process of deploying new pcs and updating existing pcs. the end result is faster easier operation than ever before which helps improve the overall productivity of your business. more mobile and better connected today more businesses rely on an ever-expanding mobile workforce as a way to enhance their scope of service and reduce enterprise costs associated with supporting a large on-site staff. windows vista business gives mobile professionals easier and more secure access to corporate resources so they can readily collaborate with colleagues-- both on and off the network. employees and colleagues will also find it easier to make wireless connections and synchronize mobile devices. the success of any business depends on communication and windows vista business helps you easily and quickly connect with your organization your customers and your partners whether you are in the office or on the road. this software package includes all of the essential infrastructure required to more securely connect you to your business information whether you are sitting at your desk working at home connected to a wi-fi hotspot or even if you are using your cell phone to connect to the internet. to help you be more productive when you're away from your desk windows vista business includes windows tablet and touch technology so you can interact with your tablet pc by using a digital pen your fingertip or a keyboard. improved handwriting recognition and easier ways to browse documents and programs without using a keyboard give you added flexibility and convenience. easy accessibility computers that include windows vista business and an auxiliary windows sideshow display will also allow you to access critical business information even when your computer is turned off. you can also share documents and collaborate with colleagues partners and customers--even if a network is not available. additionally windows vista business helps you get the most out of your portable pc by making it quick and easy to manage key mobility settings. cost effective meeting the increasingly complex demands that are placed on your it systems doesn't have to be expensive. designed to be less expensive to deploy and support windows vista business offers you a better return on your it investments. by empowering people to work more efficiently this system helps keep both productivity and morale high. microsoft 299.95|encore software 10038 - encore the print shop v.21.0 deluxe - print management - pc encore software 10038 : the print shop 21 deluxe offers the best in total personal creativity. 320000+ images & graphics plus 17500+ project templates! packed with new features and tools you have everything you need for satisfy your creative side. ...  41.97
0|mobi recam camera monitoring and notification software  mobi 119.99|individual software inc total 3d home & landscape deluxe 9 home and landscape design software designed for homeowners. whether you are decorating a room landscaping your garden or designing your dream home you'll have all the tools you need. system requirements: pentium iii pc or faster  33.5
0|punch! 5 in 1 home design home renovation software takes a big leap forward with 5 in 1 home design from punch! a package that lets you draw an imagined future home or work on altering the one you have--without investing in building materials or architects up front! divided into a series of specialized applications this program makes it simple to hone room layouts design decks fine-tune furnishing designs and landscape any size or shape of building lot. and when the individual pieces are polished 5 in 1 home design pulls everything together into the big picture of your dreams. unlike many comparable packages this package provides a fast and streamlined process for drawing floor plans from scratch. moving wall by wall rather than room by room a user can lay out everything in detail. whether you are reconstructing an existing house or dreaming big the program's learning process is swift. it is still possible to end up struggling to convince the package that an interior room is indeed inside the house (and thus deserving of carpet rather than lawn) but these glitches are rare and relatively easy to amend. anyone interested in having a basic plan done both painlessly and fast will love the interface this program offers. other tools in 5 in 1 home design allow you to walk through the three-dimensional model of your house print out pieces of a model so you can build it yourself and fit the home inside and out with furnishings and finishes. you can switch to these tools without ever shutting off the core floor plan moving to an overhead view of the house and back then breezing into a furniture-building application. to minimize headaches all the data on each house is kept in a single file. in short punch! 5 in 1 home design will help you put together homes just as you imagine them. the power so handily available in this design program makes it an obvious first choice for those new to home design software and a real boon for anyone looking to brainstorm ideas for constructing decorating or renovating a house. --alyx dellamonica punch! software 39.99|sr2116010 safenet softremote vpn client - license - 5 users - win nortel networks sr2116010 : usually ships in 24 hours : : safenet softremote is the next generation of remote access client software and offers unparalleled extended features to remote access users connecting to the corporate vpn.  184.57
0|microsoft outlook 2007 microsoft outlook 2007 is a comprehensive time and information manager for your busy digital life. you'll never have problems with personal information again. take control of the tools you need to prioritize organize and search. schedule and block off time to follow up on items manage your daily priorities and use windows sharepoint services technology to manage every aspect of your digital life more effectively. manage your shared information and content in one interface through sharepoint services -- documents calendars contacts tasks and other information are easier than ever to handle stay safe from junk mail and phishing web sites - the improved junk e-mail filter and has added new features that disable links and warn you about threatening content within an e-mail message color-code your information for easier organization -- it's a simple visual way to distinguish items from one another manage all your blogs to rss feeds directly through outlook 2007 new attachment preview helps you see your office outlook 2007 attachments with one click directly in the reading pane saving you time and effort microsoft 109.95|high school success deluxe 2006 a 15 cd-rom package! covering 27 subjects for high school level students. it covers literature composition grammar; algebra i & ii geometry and trigonometry; biology astronomy chemistry and physics; spanish french german italian japanese ...  7.9
0|adobe acrobat distiller svr v6-cd linux u/u ( 42050142 ) adobe acrobat distiller server 6.0 software enables workgroups to convert adobe postscript files to compact reliable and more secure adobe portable document format (pdf) files over a network. a flexible and automated solution acrobat distiller server easily integrates into existing document workflows. acrobat distiller server 6.0 is a flexible server-based solution for converting adobe postscript files to adobe pdf files providing it and creative professionals the power of increased productivity. administrators can deploy acrobat distiller server 6.0 quickly and easily and can also centrally optimize adobe pdf files for print e-mail and the web using customizable and predetermined settings. workgroups benefit from volume adobe pdf document creation using an intuitive and automated mechanism. acrobat distiller server 6.0 easily integrates into existing document processes allowing businesses to leverage their current software and hardware investments and increase efficiency. employees can continue using familiar software programs to author documents and then automatically convert them to adobe pdf for streamlined distribution. acrobat distiller server 6.0 can also be integrated with web applications to present bills statements invoices and more over the internet. enhancements in acrobat distiller server 6.0 result in higher-quality and smaller adobe pdf files. a member of the acrobat 6.0 family of software acrobat distiller server 6.0 utilizes the latest pdf specification and offers improved pdf/x support allowing organizations to more reliably exchange and output files. adobe systems 0|01-ssc-6781 sonicwall email security transition from mailfrontier - license - 1 server 250 sonicwall 01-ssc-6781 : usually ships in 24 hours : : today's businesses need robust yet simple e-mail threat protection that takes minutes not hours per week to manage.  875.91
